Main menu Apply to Arcada 24 July–4 August 2025 Read more Admissions services summer 2025 Read more Arcada’s new online path enables a smooth transition to on-campus learning for international students Read more Virtual tour Virtual tour of Arcada Study at Arcada Cooperation and Services Sustainability and social responsibility Arcada University of Applied Sciences About us Research, development and innovation at Arcada Support Arcada Admissions services summer 2025 Apply to Arcada 24 July–4 August 2025 Arcada’s new online path enables a smooth transition to on-campus learning for international students Recent blog posts Welcome to Arcada's blog world Regardless of whether this is the first step in your career or if you are already well immersed in working life, Arcada offers degree programmes and courses that will ensure that you are fully equipped to tackle future challenges. Co-operation and partnerships – foundations for exchanging knowledge! At Arcada University of Applied Sciences we believe in, and actively pursue, close co-operation with organizations, companies as well as the public sector. Research and education that is conducted in close collaboration with business partners and the public sector ensure significant results and that Arcada’s competences benefit society as a whole. Sustainability and social responsibility are present in all activities at Arcada: in our education, research, organisational culture and on campus. Arcada is a multidisciplinary university of applied sciences in Finland. At our international campus in Helsinki, our 2,700 students and 170 employees work at the forefront of change and development. We conduct research relevant to society and provide lifelong learning in business and IT, energy and materials technology, health and welfare, culture and media, and healthcare. Together with our partners, we open doors for Nordic cooperation of global relevance. We create smart solutions for a dynamic working life and a vibrant Swedish-language culture in Finland. Arcada is a multi-professional University of Applied Sciences in Finland. At our campus in Helsinki (Finland), our 2,700 students and 170 staff work across disciplines to advance culture and knowledge. At Arcada we conduct both basic and applied research. Arcada provides an innovative environment with a focus on research-based innovation for business and the public sectors. We emphasise the connections between research and teaching involving students and the surrounding society in our projects. The world is changeable, uncertain and complex. Science and technology are not alone the answer to the largescale societal challenges that lie ahead. New findings need to be translated into efficient long-term solutions – for that we need humans as a driving force. Smart innovations that are tested and flexibly adjusted to sustain rapid change. For a quarter of century, Arcada has developed competencies essential to society and educated experts for the future. We create concrete knowledge in an abstract world. The Admissions Service operates throughout the summer, but with limited opening hours. Category: Student life Would you like to start studying in autumn 2025? You still have the chance! Category: News Arcada University of Applied Sciences (UAS) launches a new online path to business and engineering studies. Category: Education What is it like to move from the other side of the world to study at a university of applied sciences in Finland? What is the latest within research at Arcada? How is Arcada a truly sustainable study choice, according to the students themselves? Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search 12.06.2025 - Engineering and Technology blog Unlocking the design freedom: The development of a gyroscopic cup holder 12.05.2025 - Higher Ed blog The need for master's education in rehabilitation in Tanzania and Kenya—the AfroRehab partnership 14.04.2025 My First Year at Arcada UAS – A Journey in Colours 01.04.2025 - Higher Ed blog Valuing migrant workers – Lessons learned in the EASWork project 27.03.2025 Guiding the journey: how career counselling supports integration 10.02.2025 - Business blog Countering pro-change bias in digital services by shedding light on non-adoption 10.02.2025 Adjusting to Life in Finland: Culture Shock and Culinary Adventures 20.12.2024 - Health and Welfare Healthcare Leadership in 2024 – a summary of master’s thesis topics 20.12.2024 - Higher Ed blog Learning through diversity in a multidisciplinary innovation project 17.12.2024 December in Finland: A Magical Experience for an International Student Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Apply to Arcada 24 July–4 August 2025 Read more Admissions services summer 2025 Read more Arcada’s new online path enables a smooth transition to on-campus learning for international students Read more Virtual tour Virtual tour of Arcada Study at Arcada Cooperation and Services Sustainability and social responsibility Arcada University of Applied Sciences About us Research, development and innovation at Arcada Support Arcada Admissions services summer 2025 Apply to Arcada 24 July–4 August 2025 Arcada’s new online path enables a smooth transition to on-campus learning for international students Recent blog posts Welcome to Arcada's blog world Regardless of whether this is the first step in your career or if you are already well immersed in working life, Arcada offers degree programmes and courses that will ensure that you are fully equipped to tackle future challenges. Co-operation and partnerships – foundations for exchanging knowledge! At Arcada University of Applied Sciences we believe in, and actively pursue, close co-operation with organizations, companies as well as the public sector. Research and education that is conducted in close collaboration with business partners and the public sector ensure significant results and that Arcada’s competences benefit society as a whole. Sustainability and social responsibility are present in all activities at Arcada: in our education, research, organisational culture and on campus. Arcada is a multidisciplinary university of applied sciences in Finland. At our international campus in Helsinki, our 2,700 students and 170 employees work at the forefront of change and development. We conduct research relevant to society and provide lifelong learning in business and IT, energy and materials technology, health and welfare, culture and media, and healthcare. Together with our partners, we open doors for Nordic cooperation of global relevance. We create smart solutions for a dynamic working life and a vibrant Swedish-language culture in Finland. Arcada is a multi-professional University of Applied Sciences in Finland. At our campus in Helsinki (Finland), our 2,700 students and 170 staff work across disciplines to advance culture and knowledge. At Arcada we conduct both basic and applied research. Arcada provides an innovative environment with a focus on research-based innovation for business and the public sectors. We emphasise the connections between research and teaching involving students and the surrounding society in our projects. The world is changeable, uncertain and complex. Science and technology are not alone the answer to the largescale societal challenges that lie ahead. New findings need to be translated into efficient long-term solutions – for that we need humans as a driving force. Smart innovations that are tested and flexibly adjusted to sustain rapid change. For a quarter of century, Arcada has developed competencies essential to society and educated experts for the future. We create concrete knowledge in an abstract world. The Admissions Service operates throughout the summer, but with limited opening hours. Category: Student life Would you like to start studying in autumn 2025? You still have the chance! Category: News Arcada University of Applied Sciences (UAS) launches a new online path to business and engineering studies. Category: Education What is it like to move from the other side of the world to study at a university of applied sciences in Finland? What is the latest within research at Arcada? How is Arcada a truly sustainable study choice, according to the students themselves? Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search 12.06.2025 - Engineering and Technology blog Unlocking the design freedom: The development of a gyroscopic cup holder 12.05.2025 - Higher Ed blog The need for master's education in rehabilitation in Tanzania and Kenya—the AfroRehab partnership 14.04.2025 My First Year at Arcada UAS – A Journey in Colours 01.04.2025 - Higher Ed blog Valuing migrant workers – Lessons learned in the EASWork project 27.03.2025 Guiding the journey: how career counselling supports integration 10.02.2025 - Business blog Countering pro-change bias in digital services by shedding light on non-adoption 10.02.2025 Adjusting to Life in Finland: Culture Shock and Culinary Adventures 20.12.2024 - Health and Welfare Healthcare Leadership in 2024 – a summary of master’s thesis topics 20.12.2024 - Higher Ed blog Learning through diversity in a multidisciplinary innovation project 17.12.2024 December in Finland: A Magical Experience for an International Student Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Contact us Breadcrumb Quick links General contact details Admissions Services Degree programmes Research Continuing Education Invoices e-invoices (SEPA countries): Paper invoices by mail to: We have listed key contact details for your convenience, everything from visiting address to invoicing details. Arcada University of Applied SciencesJan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland Phone: +358 (0)294 282 699 (Arcada switchboard)communications@arcada.fi Contact the Admissions Services with questions about application and admission:Phone: +358 (0)294 282 699 (Arcada switchboard)admissions@arcada.fi Contact our degree programme directors:Bachelor's degree programmesMaster's degree programmes Contact Dean Mark Doughertymark.dougherty@arcada.fi Contact Arcada Continuing Education:Phone: +358 (0)294 282 505fortbildning@arcada.fi Yrkeshögskolan Arcada AbVAT No. FI25538712 003725538712 Operator ID: 003721291126 (Maventa) NB! In case you use a bank operator in sending invoices, the operator ID is DABAFIHH Yrkeshögskolan Arcada Ab 25538712PL 10080020Kollektor Scan Please give the name of your contact at Yrkeshögskolan Arcada Ab as reference. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Contact us General contact details Admissions Services Degree programmes Research Continuing Education Invoices Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Flash mentoring 05.04.2022 09:00-11:00 - Arcada Our mentors The event Flash mentoring organised by Arcada and Karriärcenter Arabia offers an opportunity where alumni get to meet students to discuss employment and careers. The event will be held on Tuesday, April 5 at 9.00-11.00 at Arcada. Our students get to network and ask the mentors for advice regarding studies, careers and working life. For our alumni, this is a possibility to inspire and share their valuable expertise and insights. Student, do you want to participate? Register here by 3.4.2022. Rick Aller "I am the co-founder and CEO of 720° - the world's first Indoor Climate AI platform. We believe that health and satisfaction at work is everyone’s prerogative. We work at the intersection of sustainability, artificial intelligence, IoT and organisational theory, to improve the indoor environmental quality everywhere. 720° was acquired in 2021 by Swegon Group AB, part of Investment AB Latour, and I continued my work as CEO in 720°." Niclas Borenius “I work as a Business Development Manager at a small IT (SaaS) company called Viima. In short, our business is about developing and selling (B2B) our digital tool for collaborative idea management and innovation. Since March 2021, we are also part of the German HYPE Group. My tasks as part of the BDM team, and also as a partner in the company, are strongly linked to sales. This includes direct sales work, but also customer service, development of our working methods etc. As a partner in a small company like Viima, a big advantage is also the versatility of the work and being able to participate in the development of the business on a slightly broader level, for example in the development of our digital tool or in recruitment processes. I see the versatility of the work as a great advantage, especially as a relatively young person in the working world. Looking forward to further discussion with you all!” Kim Brander “I work at Ernst & Young (EY) as a consultant. My focus area is within major transformations within the finance sector. During the recent years I have worked with building and developing strategies for big 5-10 years transformations and what the future customer contact can look like through service design methods. I have worked at EY for about four years, and I have been very happy to work with customers and colleagues from around the world.” Léne Fransila “Briefly about me, I'm an energetic and customer-centric full stack growth marketer with experience of global businesses in the banking (Nordea), recruiting (Barona), payments (Nets & Visa) and igniting renewal in the executive education industry (Hanken & SSE Executive Education). I am also a part-time entrepreneur and the founder of Spiritly, a small-scale marketing agency. Some may say I'm pretty good at growth marketing, sales, investor relations, content marketing, building and managing brands and social media. I'm multi-lingual and I've lived in several countries, the UK, Spain and briefly in Ecuador. I hold an MBA in International Business Management from Arcada and have completed executive education programmes in digital innovation and brand building at the Stockholm School of Economics. I don't like being held back by process and over-planning is not my thing. I'm passionate about growth, digital, tech and love helping and getting people on board to get the job done! Johanna Hannus “I have a Bachelor of Business Administration Degree from Arcada and a Master of Arts Degree in Middle Eastern Studies from Lund University. In my professional career I have always worked with international business, first as a Management Consultant at Business Sweden in Egypt and Finland. Later with Executive Search at Alumni and Harvey Nash before moving into the IT sector as Country Manager for Finland and Estonia for a SaaS scaleup called Briox. Today I work at Hanaholmen - cultural centre for Sweden and Finland where I lead two bilateral leadership programs - Tandem Leadership and Arctic Lead - as well as develop Hanaholmen's work with promoting and developing bilateral business networks and cooperation between Finland and Sweden. I am passionate about people management and human resources as well as bringing together people and businesses to spark new projects and cooperations.” Marriam Irfan “I moved to Finland in 2015 with a couple of years of work experience in sales and marketing and an MBA. In 2016, I decided to enroll in a Master’s program in International Business Management at Arcada. During my studies, I joined a global Finnish startup developing an employee advocacy and internal communications SaaS application. My role involved the business development of the product in the French, Italian, Spanish, and UK markets. In 2018, I joined Nokia where I’m currently working in a project management role in Cloud and Network Services business unit. I’m responsible for various projects which include employee competence development, internal and external communications, new employees onboarding, and sales enablement of partners and sales teams.” Thomas Kovanen “I graduated from Arcada’s Swedish Nursing programme in January 2018. My career within healthcare started by working two summers in elderly care. After that, I have worked at Malmi Hospital and Meilahti Hospital, circulating between different departments, depending on where I was most needed. Most of my shifts were done either at the Department for Infections or the ER. Today I work at Peijas Hospital. I work within cardiology, internal medicine, hematology, neurology, respiratory care, urology, knee and hip prosthetics, trauma and orthopedics, and the day ward. My work is extremely inspiring and varies from day-to-day. Even with such varied tasks, my specialty lies within palliative care, and I have completed 30 ECTS of advanced studies within the subject. I also actively teach my colleagues the knowledge I have gained. My future ambitions include completing a master's degree within pallative care. On top of my job at the hospital, I’m also active through Seure, which gives me the freedom to work when and where I want.” Birgitta Langenskiöld “I am working with finance and investments, back-office tasks, doing research for representatives and their investment network, attending meetings and events online and face-to-face with board representatives and managers from start-ups, growth companies and Venture Capital & Growth Equity Funds in Finland, Sweden, and Europe. I also work from time to time as a midwife/doula and support families during pregnancy, childbirth and with the newborn and during the time the child grows. I find working with new teams inspiring. I am happy to learn about the market disruptions early on directly from the different companies working with various solutions for the future. Even with my broad education, I see every day as a new possibility to widen my perspective and learn from others. I look forward to more board assignments after completing my Boardman Oy education later this spring. I can also imagine board work for foundations and other large institutions for profit or non-profit whose primary focus is on human well-being and to strengthen the people in society. I am looking forward to meeting you all at Arcada and to share my experiences of studies and work!” Wilhelm Nielsen “I graduated as Bachelor of Occupational therapy in the winter of 2020. Since then I have worked as an occupational therapist and healthcare provider at Folkhälsan, within elderly care and mental care. I am a social person who likes physical training and theatre. I am also an active ambassador for the platform “Projekt Prata” with the task to inform and neutralize the view of stuttering and people who stutter. My fondest memory from my study time is all the practical training, that varied a lot when it comes to location, target groups and responsibility. It was also great meeting so many different people during my student life!” Paul Nix “At the Time Repair Corporation our primary focus is impacting globally-scaled sustainability problems through empowerment and education. For example our current collaboration with Pakotarinat in Espoo has led to the creation of a series of escape rooms, the room we are building at the moment will be a sustainability lab/ technology showcase/ escape room. I have focused on mobilizing change by supporting students, teachers, and communities to start projects that will inevitably change the world! I am actively directing new practical futurists to create one-pagers laying out their own new projects, and challenging them to begin immediately. So come by and get started.” Tony Wainio “Digital Marketing Specialist, Expert Generalist, father, husband, cycling enthusiast and avid photographer. I have over 10 years of experience in graphic design, marketing strategy, digital marketing, search engine marketing and optimization, data analytics, attribution modeling and system integration. I'm quite happy to share where I failed, what I've learnt and where the triumphs have come from so you don't have to repeat my mistakes. Data validation and analytics are at the heart of everything I've been doing for the last few years, and the correct interpretation of that data is the main challenge. At this point I'd like to quote Nobel-laureate Ronald H. Coase: "If you torture the data long enough, it will confess to anything". I absolutely enjoy listening to and talking with people who are passionate about what they do, be it interior design or trash collecting. If you like what you do, I'd like to hear about it.” Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Digital Content Creation Further education / Business Breadcrumb Application Graphic design Media production Web development Teaching Contact us about the course Marika Blomster Digital Content Creation will let you dive into world of graphic design, website development and audiovisual materials. This course has been one of Arcada's most popular courses for more than 15 years. The course is now offered in English! Secure your place to the course by registering now! During the course, you will work with all the key components of a company’s online presence - the graphic profile, document design, website development, audiovisual material. To do the you need the right tools, so during the course you will have access to Adobe CC and LinkedIn Learning! Over the years, both entrepreneurs and business communications experts have participated in the course. We always attempt to create groups with as even a level of expertise as possible. Therefore, please let us know about your training background, IT skills and other work experience already at the registration stage. We also hope that you will tell us how the course could benefit you in the future (e.g. for your work or other tasks). The course consists of three modules – graphic design, media production and web development. This module walks you through all the graphical elements in the company image. You will learn to understand the central role of graphic design in creating a complete corporate identity. In addition, the module provides you with knowledge on how a unified visual look serves as a basic pillar of corporate communication. Attractive images and video footage are essential parts of every company's brand. A key part of this module is to practice handling images and videos so that the result supports the image of the entire company’s communication. In this module, you will learn how to design, implement, and maintain websites on the world's most popular publishing platform, Wordpress. During the course, we will cover topics such as domains and hosting, wireframes, layout customizations, search engine optimization, lead generation, web analytics, usability tests etc. By the end of the course you can plan, develop and maintain a complete website for an organization. The course is twice a week (Mondays and Wednesdays, 13.00-17.00) on Arcada’s campus in Arabiaranta. The participants will work on projects and practical exercises on their spare time. NB! You will have FREE access to both Adobe CC and LinkedIN learning during the course. During the course you will have access to a server environment for website publishing. To complete the course smoothly, it’s recommended that you have an Adobe CC license and the required programs installed on your computer. Adobe programmes that are used during the course include: Further Education Planner E-mail: marika.blomster@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 505 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Digital Content Creation Price 450 € + 0% VAT Delivery method On-campus Language English Scope 30 ECTS Course dates 04.09.2023-29.12.2023 Last application date 19.08.2023 Vector graphics Typography Visual identity Document design Image processing Video editing Bridge Illustrator InDesign Lightroom Photoshop Premiere Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Introduction to the tourism industry (online) Further education / Business Breadcrumb Sign up now! About the course About the course coordinator Contact us about the course Pamela Gray Are you interested in gaining basic knowledge of the tourism industry, both globally and locally in Finland? In this online course you will learn about various tourism actors and activities, and get a theoretical base about the industry, in order to continue with more advanced courses in tourism. Application is closed. This course gives a good base and theoretical understanding about the principles and practices of the tourism industry. The learning outcomes of this course will help the student to proceed with more advanced tourism courses, and work in the field. The course activities include reading the course literature, online quizzes and individual written assignments. The student can proceed with the course in own pace. The course will be graded passed/failed, and in order to pass the course all tasks needs to be submitted and minimum 50% of the points gained. Mia Halmén is a lecturer at Arcada, with previous work experience within destination management of the City of Helsinki. During her career Mia has focused mainly on sustainability and ethical issues within the tourism industry and has been a chairman for the Finnish Association of Fair Tourism, and works as a judge in the national panel for the tourism ecolabel Green Key. Vice Dean E-mail: pamela.gray@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 575 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Introduction to the tourism industry (online) Price 0 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 14.08.2022-30.09.2022 Last application date 05.08.2022 Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Arcada x Alumni 16.11.2022 16:30-19:00 - Arcada Programme: This autumn's big alumni event Arcada x Alumni will be held on Wednesday 16.11 at 16.30-19.00 at Arcada. Welcome to Arcada's first big alumni event! This year we are launching Arcada x Alumni, a new annual event that brings together alumni from all our programmes. Arcada x Alumni will be held on Wednesday 16 November from 16.30-19.00 on Arcada's campus. Have you met a social robot or wondered what role they will play in different industries in the future? Social robots are already being used in areas such as healthcare, education and hospitality, and they will become increasingly common in our society. Arcada's affiliated professor Elisabeth Hildt gives you new insights into the topic of social robots and the human side of human-robot interaction. In her keynote, she looks at how humans respond to and interact with social robots, and reflects on individual, societal and ethical implications. You will also get to see our new lab and learning environments and hear our experts talk about which skills are in demand on the labour market. In addition, there will be plenty of time for mingling with other alumni, so join us and make new acquaintances or meet old friends from your time at Arcada! 16.30–17.00: Welcome and networking with Amy & Alf (Arcada’s social robots) 17.00–17.30: Keynote: Humans encountering social robots - some thoughts for the future, Elisabeth Hildt, Professor of Philosophy, Affiliated Professor at Arcada 17.30–18.15: Campus tour in Arcada's new learning environments 18.15–19.00: Mingle with refreshments The event and the programme is in both Swedish and English. Welcome to join us! Sign up here. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Swedish for Beginners 1 Further education / Business / Sports / Culture and media / Social and healthcare / Technology Breadcrumb Option 1 - Sign up! Option 2 - Sign up! Learning methods Contact us about the course Magdalena Sandell Ulla Nyberg This course gives you a great introduction to the Swedish language and culture. You can continue your Swedish studies at Arcada after this course. We offer several language courses in Swedish until mediate level. Course dates 1.9.2025 - 24.10.2025. On-campus teaching twice a week. Course dates 1.9.2025 - 31.12.2025. On-campus teaching once a week. During the course you will learn how to manage simple everyday life situations both orally and in text in Swedish. You will learn a new language in a playful way. You will work in small groups and do a lot of spoken exercises. We are using online resources and you are going to do both recordings and videos. You are required to do self-studies, individual assignments and group work along the course. This is a campus-based course, and class attendance is expected. For this course we offer two different options; Option 1 with on-campus teaching once a week and Option 2 with on-campus teaching twice a week. Choose the option that is best suitable for you. Option 1: Course dates 1.9.2025 - 24.10.2025. On-campus teaching twice a week. Option 2: Course dates 1.9.2025 - 31.12.2025. On-campus teaching once a week. Lecturer in Swedish and Communication E-mail: magdalena.sandell@arcada.fi Phone number: 040 481 09 72 Career Counsellor E-mail: ulla.nyberg@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 553 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Swedish for Beginners 1 Price 100 € + 0% VAT Delivery method On-campus Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates Autumn 2025 Last application date 18.08.2025 You can introduce yourself and others and explain things about your family, where you live, what you are doing and what you like. You can understand short texts and write simple messages. You can form short sentences and questions both orally and in writing. You understand speech relating to everyday themes when the person speaks slowly and clearly. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Apply to Nursing TopUp Breadcrumb Quick links Eligibility Language requirements Finnish language requirement English language requirement Work experience Admission through entrance exam on campus Supporting documents for Nursing TopUp Here you will find information on the second intake to Nursing TopUp. Arcada will arrange a second intake to the degree programme Nursing TopUp. This application is aimed for those applicants who currently reside in Finland since the entrance exam will be held on Arcada's campus. Application will open 24 July 2025 at 9 a.m. and close on 4 August 2025 at 3 p.m. (Finnish time). Applicant is to upload required attachments to application by 8 August 2025 at 12.00 (noon) Application is made through Studyinfo . You can access the programme site on Studyinfo and also move on to the application form by clicking on the link, when application is open. The studies commence in August 2025. Please note that as of 1 January 2025 application fees will be collected for EU/EEA applicants. More information on this is available on the Studyinfo website . This application is for you who have: Please note that work experience is also part of the selection criteria. (More information given below) All applicants must have both skills in Finnish as well as English All applicants must have Finnish language skills at a minimum level of A2 on the European framework before the start of studies. You can prove your Finnish language skills with one of the following: Duolingo is not accepted as proof of skills in Finnish. Applicants must attach proof of skills in Finnish or proof of participation in accepted Finnish course to their application by 8 August 2025 12:00 (at noon). The applicant's Finnish language skills will be assessed in the entrance exam/interview. Admission of an applicant who, before the start of studies does not meet the level A.2 in Arcada's own test, can be cancelled. Applicant can prove their skills in English with one of the following: Duolingo is not accepted as proof of skills in English.The IELTS, TOEFL, OET and Pearson certificates are valid for two years. Applicant must attach proof of skills in English by 8 August 2025 at noon. Please ensure that you have allowed your language test result to be verified by Arcada. The applicant's English language skills will be assessed in the entrance exam/interview. There is no set minimum work experience requirement in this intake but it does form part of the selection criteria. Applicants are therefore requested to include all relevant work history in their application. A maximum of 3 points is given for work experience. Points for work experience will be given according to the following: Work experience needs to be proven by a work certificate indicating at least the applicant's title, work task, employer and duration of employment. Ensure that you have officially translated copies if the work certificate was not issued in Finnish, Swedish or English. Part-time work is converted to full-time work so that 150 hours or 20 full-time working days (a minimum of seven hours per day) are equal to a month. The work experience does not have to be continuous or from the same employer. Practical training or on-the-job learning is not counted as work experience if it forms a part of the degree used for applying. If you reside in Finland you can select to be considered through an entrance exam held on campus. The entrance exam to Nursing TopUp will be held on campus Arcada, Helsinki 19 August 2025The entrance exam will test applicants' suitability for higher education studies. It will consist of a written test as well as interviews and language tests. The exam does not require any preparation. Detailed information on the entrance exam will be given in the invitation letter sent to applicants who have proven their eligibility. Please note that if you live outside of Finland or the EU/EEA area, it will unfortunately be difficult if not impossible to get a visa for the sole purpose of taking part in an entrance exam. Applicants are ranked and admitted based on total points for the entrance exam, points for work experience and language skills.Studies begin in August 2025. Here you will find a detailed list on the required documents for the Nursing TopUp autumn and spring intake Translation to Swedish, Finnish or English All educational certificates in languages other than Swedish, Finnish or English must be translated. All certificates in other languages have to be translated into one of these languages by an officially certified translator. A copy of the original document (in original language) shall also be submitted. The translation shall bear the stamp and signature of the translator.Original certificates You may need to submit your original certificates for verification by the start of your studies. Any false information regarding qualifications will make you disqualified for admission. How to submit documents When you fill in the application form, you are at the same time requested to upload application documents that are needed for the processing of your application. Note that some documents are mandatory attachments to the application, thus application can not be submitted if the mandatory document is not attached to application. If you wish to upload your documents at a later time, you can do that through the link found in the application confirmation e-mail you received when you applied. The deadline is specified for each attachment in the application form. Please include both the final diploma as well as all academic transcripts of your previous education (bachelor, diploma or similar) Ensure that they show all courses included in the degree, and if possible include also registration certificates (right to work as a nurse/midwife etc) If your final diploma and/or transcript records are not issued in Finnish, Swedish or English, you will also need translations into one of these languages. All certificates in other languages have to be translated into one of these languages by an officially certified translator. A copy of the original document (in original language) shall also be submitted. The translation shall bear the stamp and signature of the translator. Include all relevant certificates of possible previous work experience. Work experience should be from the health care field, but does not necessarily need to be from nursing. Please include work certificates only, as work contracts signed at the beginning of the employment usually do not in fact prove the duration of employment. You can also add a CV but note that this is not accepted as valid work certificate on its own.Ensure that the certificates include name of employee, employer, possible task and time of employment and that the certificate is dated for when it was signed.If the certificates are not issued in Finnish, Swedish or English, they must also be translated by an official translator. Prove your English proficiency by attaching one of the accepted certificates as listed under each intake. Ensure that you have enabled Arcada to verify your score from the respective language test provider. Prove your Finnish proficience by attaching one of the accepted certificates as listed under each intake. Ensure that you have enabled Arcada to verify your score from the respective language test provider. If you have completed the pre-admission course, you must attach a certificate of completed course. Decisions to grant asylum or residence permits issued on the basis of a need for protection of refugees or applicants in a refugee-like situation should be submitted as soon as possible. In addition to the application documents, you should submit a copy of passport or residence permit document proving exemption from tuition fees:• Passport ID page or ID card of EU/EEA/Switzerland which states citizenship• Passport ID page (all other citizenships)• Residence permit card, both sides; Type A (granted for other reasons than studies), Type P or type P-EU• EU Family Member's Residence Card in Finland All applicants are required to submit valid proof of identification. • Passport• National Id card issued in an EU/EEA-country• Finnish Id card Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Additional application 2025 Apply to Nursing TopUp Eligibility Language requirements Work experience Admission through entrance exam on campus Supporting documents for Nursing TopUp a degree in Nursing completed outside of Finland ; Bachelor of Nursing; Diploma of Nursing; GNM (General Nursing & Midwifery); PCL (Proficiency Certificate Level); or Technical level Nursing studies of a minimum 3 years Finnish language skills English language skills National Certificate of Language Proficiency Civil Service Language Proficiency Certificate Certificates or verification from established educational institutions that offer language instruction and can be verified by Arcada Bachelor or Master studies in English, which includes a thesis written in English If you have a diploma you are required to prove your English with one of the methods below If you have a diploma you are required to prove your English with one of the methods below IELTS Academic, minimum overall score 6,0 IELTS one skill retake is accepted IELTS one skill retake is accepted TOEFL® iBT, minimum score 79 Pearson, minimum score 51 Cambridge, B2 First, minimum score 170 OET, (Occupational English Test) minimum C Certificates or diplomas from verified educational providers that can be verified by Arcada 1-4 years work experience: 1 point 5-9 years work experience: 2 points 10 years or more work experience: 3 points current employment in the health care field: 3 points (these points are not added to the points listed above) Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Swedish for Beginners 3 Further education / Business / Sports / Culture and media / Social and healthcare / Technology Breadcrumb Sign up now! In this course we will focus on the following: After completion: Learning methods Schedule Contact us about the course Ulla Nyberg Join us in deepening your Swedish language knowledge! This course is aimed for beginners, who are a bit acquainted with the Swedish language. Sign up by latest 18.8.2025. Part of the course require on-site attendance. Will be updated soon. Career Counsellor E-mail: ulla.nyberg@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 553 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Swedish for Beginners 3 Price 100 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 01.09.2025-24.10.2025 Last application date 18.08.2025 Entry requirements The course is open for anyone who is interested in the Swedish language that has the starting level CEFR A2.1. This course is the third step to learning a new language. You can participate in discussions about topics that concern yourself, your everyday life and your studies. You can talk about work, career choices, purchasing and cooking. You can express yourself about health and well-being. You can understand and read simple texts about current events. You can understand slowly spoken Swedish with clear pronunciation. You are aware of the basic grammar in Swedish. You have expanded your vocabulary and can easily talk about yourself and everyday life. You build on previous knowledge. You have knowledge of Swedish grammar. New in this course are conjunctions, nouns plural in definite form, perfect, reflexive verbs, adjective comparison and indefinite pronouns. Spoken and written exercises Games Dialogues Listening comprehensions Reading comprehensions Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Non-Stop Course: Climate change and nursing Further education / Social and healthcare Breadcrumb Apply to the course here Learning outcomes Contact us about the course Terese Sjölund As our climate is changing, so is the need for sufficient knowledge in how it affects our healthcare system. In this course we will look at the climate challenges especially through a nurses eyes. This course is a non-stop online course that you can complete in your own pace. Apply during 1.1.2025-31.7.2025. As nurses, we want to provide the best level of care for our patients. Working together - to not only reduce our own impact on the environment, but also to prepare the healthcare system for the future and to build resilience - will help keep our patients safe in the future and reduce current health risks. At the end of the course the student will: The course is 100% on-line, non-stop, that you do at your own pace. It consists of the introduction and four modules. The themes of the modules are: The modules are worth 1-2 ECTS. The workload of 1 ECTS is approx. 27 hours. In order to get the certificate for 5 ECTS you need to complete all modules and pass the quizzes. In this course there are TedTalks, a recorded webinar, scientific articles, books, blogs and two on-line web-based courses about Climate Challenge. The course is graded as pass / fail. To pass this course the student needs to: We go through applications 1-2/week. Degree Programme Director E-mail: terese.sjolund@arcada.fi Phone number: 040 482 82 73 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Non-Stop Course: Climate change and nursing Price 75 € + 0% VAT Delivery method Online Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 01.01.2025-31.07.2025 Last application date 31.07.2025 Entry requirements This course is aimed at nurses, nurse student and other healthcare personnel Have awareness of how climate change impacts our health Be able to describe the impacts of climate change on human health Identify opportunities for nurses to engage in action and advocacy to move climate solutions forward Assess the seriousness and urgency of climate change Recognize the main effects of climate change, their implications for our present and future lives. Identify the causes of these changes and the key processes that determine their effects Identify the critical required actions, on a personal, national and global level Define key concepts related to climate change Identify the major risks associated with human-induced climate change Recognize the actions we need to take Climate and climate change Nutrition Global and Public health Health and diseases Successfully complete the two on-line courses in Module 2 Pass the three quizzes Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Opening of the Academic Year 2022–2023 07.09.2022 15:00-17:00 - Arcada / Online The opening of the academic year takes place every autumn on campus. The opening of the academic year is hosted on 7 September 2022 at 3 p.m. The program will include greetings and music. You are welcome to follow the festivities via Arcada's YouTube channel . Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Seminar: State of S&OP in Finland 08.09.2022 16:15-17:45 - Arcada or Zoom State of S&OP in Finland - expert insights on how to plan your business with the help of Sales and Operations Planning (S&OP) Welcome to join the seminar State of S&OP in Finland to hear expert insights on how to plan your business with the help of Sales and Operations Planning (S&OP). The latest results of a study conducted at Arcada will be presented during the seminar - the benefits, pitfalls, and development needs for both S&OP and Integrated Business Planning (IBP). The seminar is arranged in cooperation with Suomen Tuotannonohjausyhdistys. The seminar takes place at Arcada, Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 1, Helsinki, room D4109 (Block D, 4th floor, 30 participants) and Online over Zoom. For more information and registration please visit the seminar event at LinkedIn . Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Webbutveckling och programmering Further education / Technology Breadcrumb Contact us about the course Fredrik Welander This Swedish course teaches you the basics of programming and gives you experience within several different programming languages, such as Python, JavaScript and PHP. NB! This course is offered in Swedish. Please read more about the content and structure on our Swedish pages. Senior Lecturer in Information technology E-mail: fredrik.welander@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 514 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Webbutveckling och programmering Price 75 € + 0% VAT Conductor Yrkeshögskolan Arcada Language Swedish Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 27.10.2023-04.12.2023 Last application date 22.10.2023 Entry requirements The course is in Swedish. Contact us about the course Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Partnership program Breadcrumb The following services may be included in the partnership program: Why become Arcada's partner? Maria Jurvelius The purpose of our partnership program is to create long-term collaborations between working life and our degree programmes. To our partners we offer the opportunity to improve employer branding, build networks, connect with our students as well as visibility in our channels. Request an offer: Key Account Manager E-mail: maria.jurvelius@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 746 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Collaborate with us Partnership program Employer branding and more visibility for employment ads in Job Portal Entry to the recruitment fair My Future Work once per year Opportunities for student collaborations, e.g. project courses, assignments and theses Opportunities for meeting Arcadas networks Visibility in Arcadas marketing and channels A contact person who maps your needs and facilitates collaboration within Arcada You can get in touch with our networks, e.g. via recruitment fairs and various events. We offer you enhanced recruitment opportunities via Job Portal and the recruitment fair. We highlight your brand and organization in our channels. Our students are tomorrow's experts and offer you new perspectives. Our students are multilingual, and are used to working both interdisciplinary and in international teams. We can adapt to your needs, and offer tailor-made solutions. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Swedish for Beginners 2 Further education / Business / Sports / Culture and media / Social and healthcare / Technology Breadcrumb Sign up now Learning methods Schedule Examination Contact us about the course Ulla Nyberg Have you already completed an introductory course to the Swedish language? Take the next step with us and complete this course taking you to the intermediate level. Application is open until 13.10.2025. During the course you will continue to learn ways to express yourself in Swedish, both orally and in text. The course teaches you to The learning methods for this course are mixed. The methods include oral exercises, games, listening comprehension, reading comprehension and practical tasks. Some individual and group work, projects and study visits are also included. Swedish for Beginners 2 starts on 27 October and ends on 19 december 2025. The schedule will be updated soon. If needed, you can attend via Zoom, in which case you are required to activate your camera. We highly recommend that you attend the lectures on campus. The course examination is an oral and a written exam. Career Counsellor E-mail: ulla.nyberg@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 553 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Swedish for Beginners 2 Price 100 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 27.10.2025-19.12.2025 Last application date 13.10.2025 Entry requirements You can take this course after Swedish for Beginners 1 or an equivalent course. The starting level is CEFR A1.1. Contact us about the course catch the main point in simple speech when people speak slowly and clearly read and understand simple texts and dialogues about familiar topics use simple phrases and sentences to talk about yourself order in a restaurant or buying something in a store communicate in simple situations, including how to ask and answer questions with polite expressions write simple notes and messages ask for and give directions be able to set a date, talk about the weather, the weekdays, months and the seasons Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Swedish for Beginners 4 Further education / Business / Sports / Culture and media / Social and healthcare / Technology Breadcrumb Sign up now Learning methods Practical details Contact us about the course Ulla Nyberg Deepen your language skills with the course Swedish for beginners 4! This course is aimed at beginners, who are acquainted with the Swedish language. Sign up by latest 13.10.2025. During the course you will continue to learn ways to express yourself in Swedish, both orally and in writing. The course teaches you to The learning methods for this course are mixed. The methods include lectures, individual and group work, project work and study visits. You will also have oral and written exercises, listening and reading comprehensions, and you will take part in games and dialogues. The lessons are held on campus two times a week: 27/10/2025 10:00 - 11:30 29/10/2025 10:00 - 11:30 05/11/2025 10:00 - 11:30 06/11/2025 10:00 - 11:30 10/11/2025 10:00 - 11:30 12/11/2025 10:00 - 11:30 17/11/2025 10:00 - 11:30 19/11/2025 10:00 - 11:30 24/11/2025 10:00 - 11:30 26/11/2025 10:00 - 11:30 01/12/2025 10:00 - 11:30 03/12/2025 10:00 - 11:30 08/12/2025 10:00 - 11:30 10/12/2025 10:00 - 11:30 15/12/2025 09:00 - 12:00 We highly recommend that you attend the lectures on campus. Career Counsellor E-mail: ulla.nyberg@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 553 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Swedish for Beginners 4 Price 100 € + 0% VAT Delivery method On-campus Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 27.10.2025-19.12.2025 Last application date 13.10.2025 Entry requirements You can take this course after Swedish for Beginners 3 or an equivalent course. The starting level is CEFR A2.1. Contact us about the course express your opinion on various themes understand and write responses to emails give instructions on e.g. the way in different speech situations present previous work and write a CV discuss housing and leisure talk about activities during different seasons and tell us what the weather is like discuss health and illness Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu About the website - Accessibility and data protection Breadcrumb Main menu Cookies at arcada.fi Accessibility Data protection at Arcada Here you can find information about arcada.fi and how we manage personal data. A cookie is a small text file that is saved to, and, during subsequent visits, retrieved from your computer or mobile device. If you use our services, we will assume that you agree to the use of such cookies. You can find more information about how we use cookies here. Arcada is covered by the law on the provision of digital services and its requirement that public websites must be accessible. You can find our accessibility statement here. As a center for knowledge, learning and research, Arcada manages great amounts of information. A large part of the information concerns natural persons and consists of personal data. In the data protection policy you can read about the principles we follow when processing personal data, and how we have organized the data protection work at Arcada. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Accessibility statement Data protection Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Non-Stop Course: Virtual Event Management Further education / Culture and media Breadcrumb Course content Learning methods Contact us about the course Maria Bäck Marika Blomster What does the planning and execution of a virtual event involve? What possibilities do virtual events offer us and how do I make sense of the finances involved? Virtual and hybrid events are here to stay – make sure you make the most of them. Master the art of producing a virtual event that people are drawn to and want to engage in. We are ready to guide you through the process! This free online course is an introduction to the production of virtual events. You will learn why and when virtual events will work to your advantage, and in the process deepen your understanding of the diverse world of event management. We will lay out the whole process of planning and producing virtual events and how it will make economic sense. This entails anything from types, platforms and forms of virtual events as well as technical aspects. As this is an area developing at a very rapid pace, we will of course also cover topics looking to the future. The course is aimed at professionals and students in event production, cultural management and media. The course is an e-learning package. Senior Lecturer in Cultural Management E-mail: maria.back@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 571 Further Education Planner E-mail: marika.blomster@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 505 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Non-Stop Course: Virtual Event Management Price 0 € + 0% VAT Delivery method Online Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 01.08.2023-30.06.2024 Last application date 30.06.2024 Course content Learning methods Contact us about the course Planning and producing virtual events Virtual event management Technological aspects of virtual events Experiences from virtual events Economics of virtual event production You complete the course at your own pace. The course is completed 100% online. The learning methods cover reading, videos and individual assignments on our learnings platform Itslearning. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Game Design and Production Further education / Culture and media Breadcrumb Sign up now! About the course Timetable and requirements Meet the team Course dates: Contact us about the course Mirko Ahonen Ulla Nyberg Are you curious about the game design industry but unsure where to start? Or are you perhaps already part of a company but want to try out a different role within a development team? The course Game Design and Production takes you through the process of coming up with an idea, testing it, and turning it into a final digital game. Sign up to the course by latest 21.12.2025. Fill in the application form via the link below While most game design courses focus on only theory and quizzes, this course includes learning the fundamentals of design and then applying it to create real-world games. The lecturers have real-life experience, as well as connections to the industry, which offers you an edge in learning the latest developments from the field. As part of the course, experts from gaming companies will also join us and give feedback on the games that you are developing. During the course you will learn: Depending on which area you would like to specialize in, experience in basic graphic art, design or programming skills are helpful, but they are not required. This course is a great start for you who are curious about the industry, but also for you who might be looking to update your portfolio. The course runs in two phases with an average workload of 15h/week: Bootcamp: We lay the foundation of your knowledge and skills using quick exercises, prototypes, and game jams using GameMaker Studio or your favorite game engine. Production:Teams are able to create their own games with whatever tools they wish along with help, testing, and feedback sessions. Final assignment is a game prototype, which you will submit together with your group at the end of the course. Students are required to use their own computer. A webcam and microphone is necessary for all online lectures. Please note that all lectures are live and you will not be able to view them afterwards. Arash Sammander has a Master's in New Media: Game Design and Production and a strong network in the games industry. He has worked as a game designer and producer in Finland and taught game design and production for over a decade in schools, universities, and for companies. Mirko Ahonen has been teaching game design and programming for almost a decade. He holds a degree in Master of Culture and Arts and has worked as a Technical Operations Manager and director for multiple live streams and media productions. Senior Lecturer in Online Media E-mail: mirko.ahonen@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 886 Career Counsellor E-mail: ulla.nyberg@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 553 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Game Design and Production Price 270 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 15 ECTS Course dates 19.01.2026-26.05.2026 Last application date 21.12.2025 About the course Timetable and requirements Meet the team Contact us about the course how to create, apply and troubleshoot game mechanics the process of making and testing a prototype, and turning it into a final product how to manage various roles and responsibilities in game development team work Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Overview of Arcada's quality system Breadcrumb Systematic quality assurance Arcada's quality system is an integral part of the University's management system. The quality system is continuously developed to ensure the quality of all activities and cooperation with the wider community. The quality system at Arcada is built up of goal descriptions, defined quality development processes, documentation forms and responsibilities as well as measures to monitor the achievement of goals. The development processes are structured according to the PDCA model (Plan-Do-Check-Act). Through its quality system, Arcada ensures that the activities achieve set objectives and thereby deliver the demanded quality, internally and externally. Arcada's quality system means that the PDCA model is applied at all levels. The quality work is led by the Rector and monitored by the Board in accordance with the UAS Act and the UAS Decree, as well as other relevant policy documents. We have an open quality culture where the aim is for all staff and students to feel involved. Both the quality work and operational management are cyclical, and results are monitored and reflected in the annual operational and action plans. Operational plans and objectives are based on the university’s strategy. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Quality Management Quality system Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Artificial Intelligence Further education / Business / Technology Breadcrumb Artificial Intelligence About the course Course schedule Course lecturer Contact us about the course Marika Blomster Christa Tigerstedt Did you know that data-driven decision making can add significant value to all aspects of business operations? Not sure how to make it work for you and your company? In this course, you will gain a practical understanding on how to build AI solutions. We will guide you through the steps of understanding and building solutions using artificial intelligence! Apply to the course here! In this course we look beyond theory and focus on how to make the most of artificial intelligence (AI) - in short how machine learning and AI work in a business context. While many may think that coding is required to study AI, this course does not have that as a requirement. Instead, course participants will work on different projects by using tools from Microsoft, such as PowerBI, Microsoft Azure and Power Automate. During the course, we will be using different steps to ensure that you understand how to build AI solutions. The steps are: By following these steps, you will learn to describe data relationships, manage data collection, calculate basic statistics and present results. January 16, at 16.30-20.00 January 17, at 16.30-20.00 January 18, at 10.00-13.30 January 29, at 16.30-20.00 January 30, at 16.30-20.00 February 1, at 9.30-16.00 Lana Beikverdi Lana Beikverdi (D.Sc.) is a dedicated senior lecturer and researcher exploring the complexities of sustainable consumption, with a focus on the rebound effects that can undermine eco-friendly behaviours. Her work delves into phenomena such as green impulse buying and the persistence of non-sustainable actions among consumers who identify as environmentally conscious. Additionally, she investigates the role of emerging technologies—such as service robots and AI—in shaping consumer behaviours, particularly their potential to promote or deter sustainable practices, meat consumption, and green impulse purchases. Further Education Planner E-mail: marika.blomster@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 505 Principal Lecturer in Business Administration E-mail: christa.tigerstedt@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 529 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Artifical Intelligence Price 75 € + 0% VAT Delivery method Hybrid (on-campus and online) Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 16.01.2025-01.02.2025 Last application date 10.01.2025 understanding data needs data gathering data preparation and structuring modelling visualization evaluation deployment Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Responsibility for quality management Breadcrumb Quick links Board Rector Quality Council Other bodies Responsibilities and roles in the governance and management of Arcada are regulated in the university's instructions. Together with the university's directives for the academies' activities and the degree statutes, the instruction forms the basis for the division of responsibilities in quality management. The university's quality policy describes the quality system at an overall level. It also sets out the quality-driving principles of the quality work and system. The policy forms the basis for communication on how the university ensures quality, both externally and internally. The Board approves the quality policy, strategy and annual operational plan, which form the basis for quality management. The Board monitors that the quality policy supports the strategic direction and management. The Rector has overall responsibility for the quality of the activities and decides on the structure of the quality system. The Vice-Chancellor is also responsible for ensuring that the PDCA model is applied in operational activities. Responsibility for planning, implementation, monitoring and improvement lies with the Deans and Directors, who report to the Rector. The University has a Quality Council appointed by the Rector. The main task of the Council is to receive and provide feedback on the University's annual quality report and to monitor the quality system itself and its development. Systematic quality assurance involves both operational bodies within the organisationthe organisation and advisory bodies that monitor, provide opinions and suggestions for development and may have a quality-promoting role in day-to-day work. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Quality Management Responsibility for quality management Board Rector Quality Council Other bodies Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Monitoring and evaluation Breadcrumb Audit The quality of the activities is monitored through annual quality reports and internal performance discussions with academies and units. The management team monitors the progress of the activities as well as the implementation of the UAS' development measures, on a biannual basis. The Board of of the university regularly monitors the development of activities in line with the Arcada's strategy and the adaptation of activities to changes in the operational environment. The quality assessment examines the purposefulness of procedures, processes and systems in relation to objectives or aims. Audits of quality assurance systems concern the verification of a systematic nature of quality management, and that the whole organisation acts in accordance with the chosen procedures. The quality assurance system covers all activities. The audit model followed by the Finnish Education Evaluation Centre (FINEEC) is based on the European principles (ENQA) and recommendations for quality assurance in Higher Education. Quality assurance at Arcada UAS is based on these guidelines and recommendations and includes regular reviews of both degree and non-degree programmes using a methodology based on self-evaluation and external assessment by a group of experts including students, experts and international assessors. The latest quality audit of Arcada was conducted by the Finnish Education Evaluation Centre (FINEEC) in cooperation with a Nordic auditing team in 2023. The key strengths highlighted were the student contact, curriculum reform and learning environments. Read the audit report here (full version only in Swedish). Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Quality Management Monitoring and evaluation Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Integrated Business Planning Further education / Business Breadcrumb Integrated Business Planning What is the course about? For who? Course schedule and practicalities Lectures Price Lecturers Contact us about the course Henrik Nyman Are you interested in taking your Sales and Operations Planning (S&OP) process to the next level? Integrated Business Planning (IBP) is growing in importance in companies, enabling better decision making and sustainable growth. This international course gives you a practical and holistic view of S&OP and IBP, helping you implement IBP in your company. Last application date 06.02.2023 Research shows that companies fail in linking plans to reality and executing their strategy. Integrated business planning (IBP) solves this problem by connecting company functions and aligning plans with strategy, while understanding the financial impact of alternative courses of action. While the focus of S&OP process is largely on balancing demand and supply, the IBP process expands this view to include strategy and corporate finance. This course will give you a holistic view of IBP and its advantages. After completing the course, you will have the knowledge and tools you need to implement IBP in your company. The process is demonstrated with the help of tools and analytics that enable data-driven decision making. In addition, we have a range of corporate specialists from Finland, Norway, and Sweden providing their insights to S&OP and IBP. During the course, we will also examine the latest research in the field. This is an international course, developed jointly by Kristiania University College in Norway and Arcada University of Applied Sciences in Finland. Lectures are given in both Helsinki and Oslo. This course is aimed at those who are considering implementation of Sales and Operations Planning and/or Integrated Business Planning in their company. You might work in supply chain management, sales, operations, finance, marketing, or logistics. IBP is also seen as a key process to implement strategy. Therefore, you might also be responsible for strategic development in your company. The course offers an excellent networking opportunity, meeting likeminded colleagues in both Finland and Norway. Ten seats are now available through Arcada University of Applied Sciences, other participants are students at Arcada and Kristiania. Except for the first lecture held online/remotely on the 13th of February, the lectures will be held in Helsinki (week 10) and Oslo (week 11), participation on-site is necessary. All lectures are held afternoons starting at 16:30 local time and ending at 20:00 local time, enabling you to work remotely during daytime also from Oslo. The lectures consist of both presentations and practical exercises. The course examination is a project, where participants investigate a practical IBP implementation in a company. February 13th Online March 6-10 Helsinki (Arcada University of Applied Sciences) March 13-17 Oslo (Kristiania University College) Assignment handed in on the 17th of March at midnight. The lectures will, among other things, cover the following topics: 500 euros (+24%VAT) + travel costs to Norway, including costs for accommodation. Researcher E-mail: henrik.nyman@arcada.fi Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Integrated Business Planning Price 500 € + 25.5% VAT (628€) Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences (FIN) and Kristiania University College (NO) Language English Scope 7 ECTS Course dates 13.02.2023-17.03.2023 Last application date 06.02.2023 Entry requirements Undergraduate or graduate degree in Business Administration (or other relevant field). Monday 16.30 - 20 Monday – Thursday 16.30 – 20 Friday 9-12 (optional) Monday – Thursday 16.30-20 (local time) Friday 9 – 11 (optional) The basics: a definition of S&OP and IBP, including process steps, metrics, stakeholders, and maturity models Management accounting and product costs in an S&OP/IBP context Strategy and IBP, what is a strategy and how can IBP support the implementation of a strategy? Data-driven decision making, including forecasting and optimization techniques Tools, industrial cases, and latest research related to S&OP and IBP Sustainability in an S&OP context Henrik Nyman, Principal Lecturer and Programme Director, Arcada University of Applied Sciences Marius Langseth, Assistant Professor, Kristiania University College Yasel Costa, Professor at MIT-Zaragoza International Logistics Program and Research Affiliate at Massachusetts Institute of Technology Aarne Nygard, Professor, Kristiania University College Fabian Tschirch, Research assistant at the Chair for Industrial Sales and Service Engineering, Ruhr-Universität Bochum Timo Rantala, Head of IBP at Tikkurila Oyj Jouko Laakso, Senior Consultant, Schedio Oy Robert Bekkhus, Group Vice President S&OP, Nortura SA Stefan Holmberg, Senior Business Advisor, Optilon AB Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Webinar: Transforming Health Care Education: from Classroom to Digital Environment 19.01.2023 10:00-13:00 - Zoom Welcome to take part in the webinar Transforming Health Care Education: from Classroom to Digital Environment. The webinar is organised within the DITEPRACT project. Participation via Zoom . (id: 947 6770 8975) Programme 10.00 - 10.15 Welcome to the webinar - LSMU Team & Camilla Wikström-Grotell 10.15 - 10.30 Introduction to the Project - Camilla Wikström-Grotell 10.30 - 10.50 Explore activities and outcomes of digital and/or online teaching and learning of practical skills in health professions’ higher education - Anne Söderlund 10.50 - 11.10 Digital competencies of academic staff: a survey from six countries - Sultan Kav 11.10 - 11.50 Clinical scenario - standardize or create yourself - Antonio Fernandes 11.50 - 12.10 Transforming health care education in EU countries - Aurelija Blaževičienė / Alina Vaškelytė 12.10 - 13.00 Q & A Session / Open discussion Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Welcome to Arcada's blog world Breadcrumb Unlocking the design freedom: The development of a gyroscopic cup holder The need for master's education in rehabilitation in Tanzania and Kenya—the AfroRehab partnership My First Year at Arcada UAS – A Journey in Colours Valuing migrant workers – Lessons learned in the EASWork project Guiding the journey: how career counselling supports integration Countering pro-change bias in digital services by shedding light on non-adoption Adjusting to Life in Finland: Culture Shock and Culinary Adventures Healthcare Leadership in 2024 – a summary of master’s thesis topics Learning through diversity in a multidisciplinary innovation project What is it like to move from the other side of the world to study at a university of applied sciences in Finland? What is the latest within research at Arcada? How is Arcada a truly sustainable study choice, according to the students themselves? You can find answers to these questions and more in Arcada's blogs written by our students, researchers, alumni, partners and external guests. Our scientific blog posts, marked publication, are part of Arcada's own publication series where each post is reviewed by an editorial board. A novel gyroscopic cup holder is designed and developed using a 3D printing technology. The gyroscopic cup holder provides a stability for the cups, thus avoids possible spillage. The critical component of the mounting system is analysed to understand the influences of 3D the printing parameters. Category: Publication Higher Education Institutions (HEIs) hold a responsibility in contributing to global development. Introducing a master's-level education in rehabilitation is essential to build local expertise, improve quality of rehabilitation, and support health system development in Kenya and Tanzania. Category: Publication Looking back at my first year, I realise it has been a journey painted in different colors – each representing a unique experience, emotion, or challenge. My name is Nhi, and I am an International Business student at Arcada. Let me take you through my colourful adventure. Category: Blog In an increasingly interconnected world, industry has the power to drive positive change towards more diversity and inclusion in the workplace. The EASWork project (Equal Access and Support in the Workforce for migrants and refugees) has worked with companies supporting them to develop their working environment. Category: Publication Nowadays, many organisations in Finland are offering career counselling as part of the integration process. The importance of helping individuals find a job or a meaningful career path cannot be underestimated. In the current economic situation, it is essential to provide the necessary support and guidance to navigate the job market effectively. Category: Blog Non-adoption of new digital services is an underinvestigated topic. Research suggests that many consumers are reluctant to even try new services, for reasons that studies into technology acceptance or adoption of new services cannot reveal. This blog post elaborates on non-adoption and provides an example from online grocery shopping. Category: Publication Moving to Finland opened my eyes to a world that values personal space and trust. Adapting to the local culture and food has been an interesting experience. My name is Vedant, I am an International Business student at Arcada, and in this blog post, I will share my experiences of adjusting to Finnish culture, from the quiet working environment to tasty, nutritious food, and discuss both pleasant surprises and challenges. Category: Blog In an era characterised by the continuously evolving demands and challenges within the healthcare sector, healthcare leadership roles encounter increasingly multifaceted issues that calls for proficient and qualified leadership (Lysfjord &amp; Skarstein, 2024). Category: Publication This blog post explores experiences in an open innovation project addressing social polarisation, viewed through the lens of studies on multidisciplinary student innovation projects and Higher Education institution (HEI)-Industry collaboration. Category: Publication Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Blogs Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Business Breadcrumb Posts from same blog Pagination Editorial board Niklas Eriksson Contact details Business blog Businesses are part of the solutions for a sustainable future, solutions that combine profitability, environmental concerns and social commitment. The business blog provides insight into the research and findings of our researchers and students in areas such as grocery, logistics, strategy and fintech. Principal Lecturer in Digital Marketing E-mail: niklas.eriksson@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 620 Pekka Buttler Carl-Johan Rosenbröijer Businesses are part of the solutions for a sustainable future, solutions that combine profitability, environmental concerns and social commitment. E-mail: bsblogg_redaktion@arcada.fi Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Blogs Business Published: 10.02.2025Countering pro-change bias in digital services by shedding light on non-adoption Published: 19.12.2024Ökat lärande och nya färdigheter med hjälp av AI utforskas inom utbildningen för företagsekonomi Published: 24.09.2024Students as Change Agents for regional and local organisations – An example from a Nordic-Baltic circularity initiative for the textile industry Published: 14.06.2024Roboten i matbutiken Published: 25.04.2024Digitala applikationer för försäljning av matöverskott Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Next page Next › Last page Last » Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Culture and Media Breadcrumb Posts from same blog Pagination Editorial board Tomas Träskman Susanne Ådahl Tiina Räisä Contact details Culture and Media blog In a whirlwind of change, and a sea of possibilities, contributors to the Culture and Media blog explore and make meaning of our dynamic field. Read about the latest trends, events and academic arguments that are shaping and reshaping our world in ways that encourage us to reflect and debate on what has past and what has yet to come. Principal Lecturer E-mail: tomas.traskman@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 599 Senior Lecturer in Cultural Management E-mail: susanne.adahl@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 729 Principal Lecturer in Media and Culture E-mail: tiina.raisa@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 847 In a whirlwind of change, and a sea of possibilities, contributors to the Culture and Media blog explore and make meaning of our dynamic field. E-mail: kmblogg_redaktion@arcada.fi Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Blogs Culture and Media Published: 13.06.2024Observations on the reflections of generative AI on media analysis and its methodology Published: 10.06.2024Assistans och inlärning i synergi: Ett vinnande koncept för assistent, föreläsare och studenter Published: 23.10.2023Konst i den artificiella intelligensens tidsålder Published: 12.10.2023Behärskar teknologin vår historia, samtid, framtid och fantasi? Published: 09.01.2023Corona, never forget Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 … Next page Next › Last page Last » Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Health and welfare blog Breadcrumb Posts from same blog Pagination Editorial board Åsa Rosengren Jyrki Kettunen Jonas Danielson Christoffer Ericsson Contact details Health and Welfare Welcome to the Health and Welfare blog. Welcome to the Health and Welfare blog where researchers, teachers and students at Arcada write about topics related to education, research, development and innovation at Arcada. Principal Lecturer in Social Work E-mail: asa.rosengren@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 525 Senior Researcher E-mail: jyrki.kettunen@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 508 Principal Lecturer in Health Care E-mail: jonas.danielson@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 428 Senior Lecturer in Emergency Care and Educational Planner (Continued Education) E-mail: christoffer.ericsson@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 838 Welcome to the Health and Welfare blog where Arcada researchers, teachers and students write about topics related to education, research, development and innovation at Arcada. E-mail: hvblogg_redaktion@arcada.fi Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Blogs Health and welfare blog Published: 17.06.2025Steinerpedagogik och jämställdhet: Könsroller inom småbarnspedagogiken – från antroposofiska ideal till moderna jämställdhetspraktiker i finländska Steinerdaghem Published: 28.05.2025CRPS – Nervsystemets nödrop: En inblick i patofysiologi, symptom och behandling Published: 26.05.2025Vård och rehabilitering av lumbar spondylolys hos unga idrottare Published: 15.05.2025Mer lustfylld fysisk aktivitet och rörelseglädje – mindre stillasittande för ökad hälsa Published: 12.05.2025Samhälleliga stödinsatser och ungas delaktighet – nyckelfaktorer för återhämtning efter potentiellt traumatiserande händelser Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 … Next page Next › Last page Last » Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu The higher ed blog Breadcrumb Posts from same blog Pagination Editorial board Pamela Gray Carina Kiukas Christa Tigerstedt Camilla Wikström-Grotell Contact details Higher Ed blog Welcome to the higher ed blog. Here you can read about Arcada's interdisciplinary research initiatives, open science and other, current topics in higher education. Vice Dean E-mail: pamela.gray@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 575 Dean E-mail: carina.kiukas@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 536 Principal Lecturer in Business Administration E-mail: christa.tigerstedt@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 529 Vice Dean E-mail: camilla.wikstrom-grotell@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 821 Here you can read about Arcada's interdisciplinary research initiatives, open science and other general, current topics in higher education. E-mail: hgblogg_redaktion@arcada.fi Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Blogs The higher ed blog Published: 12.05.2025The need for master's education in rehabilitation in Tanzania and Kenya—the AfroRehab partnership Published: 01.04.2025Valuing migrant workers – Lessons learned in the EASWork project Published: 20.12.2024Learning through diversity in a multidisciplinary innovation project Published: 28.08.2024Who is an international talent? Published: 13.06.2024 How to monitor the transformation towards circular society? Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Next page Next › Last page Last » Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Engineering Breadcrumb Posts from same blog Editorial board Kaj-Mikael Björk Paula Linderbäck Contact details Engineering and Technology blog Are you curious about the latest technologies in IT, AI, Big data, robotics, sustainable materials and the newest technologies and production? Follow the blog where our researchers and students talk about their projects and discoveries. Principal Lecturer in Analytics and Logistics E-mail: kaj-mikael.bjork@arcada.fi Phone number: 040 777 32 70 Principal Lecturer in Circular Economy E-mail: paula.linderback@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 711 Are you curious about the latest technologies on IT, AI, Big data, robotics, sustainable materials and the newest technologies and production? E-mail: tkblogg_redaktion@arcada.fi Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Blogs Engineering Published: 12.06.2025Unlocking the design freedom: The development of a gyroscopic cup holder Published: 18.12.2024Odla i vass istället för i torv Published: 25.03.2024Common reed – from coastal restoration to novel biomaterial Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Research, Development and Innovation Fair 2023 31.03.2023 12:00-16:00 - Big Square, Arcada Welcome to familiarize with the broad and deep research and development activities carried out at Arcada at the Research, Development and Innovation Fair 2023. Arcada's vision is to be a globally relevant and driving educational actor that creates smart solutions through socially relevant education and research. Welcome to join the fair and find out how this works in practice. Programme 12.00-12.15 Welcome 12.15-13.15 Research Policy and work in Labs and Hubs 13.15-15.00 Poster Fair on the Big Square (including a mini fair of app testing made by ReInHerit) 15.00-16.00 Snacks and cocktails Please register to the event! See you. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Transforming Health Care Education: from Classroom to Digital Environment 09.02.2023 14:00-17:00 - Arcada and online Are you interested in online pedagogy? Do you want to learn more specifically about digital and hybrid learning and teaching of practical skills in social and health care? At this DITEPRACT project seminar/webinar, we share experiences and good practice from a collaborative project between six universities from different parts of Europe. We have learned with and from each other about what the research says, about the teachers' pedagogical competence and experiences of good practice. We have also developed six different scenarios in a simulation environment, which have been evaluated by teachers and students and which will be presented during the seminar. You can join us either at Arcada or online: Programme: Welcome! Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Please sign up here if you plan to be at Arcada. For those who will join us online please use this link Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Co-operation with agents Breadcrumb Quick links Become an agent for Arcada Notice to Russian educational agencies and other commercial collaborators Contact us Sandra Ahtola File In order to strengthen and diversify our international student recruitment, Arcada co-operates with a number of student recruitments agencies located in different parts of the world. Currently, Arcada co-operates with the following agencies: Are you interested in becoming an agent for Arcada? Please fill out this form as part of our screening process. After that, we will review your information and contact you if we feel that our institution is a match for you. Disclaimer: Application via commercial actors, such as agents, does not give applicants any advantage when applying to higher education institutions. It it is possible for applicants to apply to all degree programmes in Finland without paying a fee, for example via the national application portal Studyinfo . Arcada expresses sympathy and support for Ukraine, its citizens and its entire higher education community. The Ministry of Education and Culture has issued a recommendation that all collaboration with Russian institutions and private agencies are suspended until further notice. Arcada adheres to the Ministry's recommendation. All individual members of the Arcada community will continue to be treated equally and with respect. If you have a question regarding agent co-operation, please do not hesitate to get in touch. International Marketing Specialist E-mail: sandra.ahtola@arcada.fi Phone number: +358 294 282 681 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Collaborate with us Co-operation with agents Become an agent for Arcada Notice to Russian educational agencies and other commercial collaborators Contact us Asia Renko Consulting Oy, Vietnam Bridge to Study, Morocco Finclass Education Limited, Thailand Fintrust, Finland (recruits from Egypt, Middle East and North Africa MENA region) In4Growth Global Ventures, India (also recruits from Nepal and UAE) ICES Turkey, Turkey Instituto Nordico, Colombia JRK International Educational Consultants, Sweden (recruits from Asia and Africa) KC Overseas Education Private Limited, India Nordic Ceylonians, Finland (recruits from Sri Lanka) RG International, India (also recruits from UAE and South Africa) SNY COSMOS Overseas Edu Consultants P Ltd, India Trawise Company Limited, Vietnam Yes - Young Education Studies Intercambio, Brazil Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Sports Performance Testing Breadcrumb Quick links Schedule your session now! Jacob Jungell Endurance testing Additional Testing Options Prices Arcada offers advanced sports performance testing at the test laboratory situated in Helsinki. The testing is supervised by fitness testing specialists. We offer a comprehensive range of tests, including endurance assessments on treadmills or bicycle ergometer and body composition analysis using InBody technology. Unfortunately, we cannot accept new bookings at the moment. Please check this page for updates on when the booking calendar will reopen. Do you have questions? You are always welcome to contact us on sportlab@arcada.fi. Senior Lecturer in Sports E-mail: jacob.jungell@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 582 Our endurance testing can be conducted on either a treadmill or a bicycle ergometer. We provide endurance testing which can be performed direct, indirect, or submaximal tests based on your specific needs. Direct Oxygen Uptake Testing (VO2max): Indirect Maximal Testing (VO2max): Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Services Lab and Testing Services Sports Performance Testing Schedule your session now! Endurance testing Additional Testing Options Prices Breath-by-breath measurement of respiratory gases and ventilation Lactate measurement Heart rate monitoring Progressive speed or incline adjustments Comprehensive test report with following information: VO2max, aerobic and anaerobic thresholds, training zones, and lactate metabolism. Lactate measurement Heart rate monitoring Progressive speed or incline adjustments Test can be performed to maximal exhaustion or submaximal levels (ending slightly before exhaustion) Comprehensive test report with following information: Theoretical VO2max, lactate thresholds, and training zones. InBody Analysis (InBody 720) Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Green transition with the REACT project Breadcrumb Quick links Our handbooks are now available for free in three different languages! File File File File What is green business transition? The FSSD method - strategising sustainability in your business How to navigate in the sustainability jungle? Tools and methods for working with sustainability What is the FSSD framework? 1) The sustainability principles 2) The ABCD model Future-proofing your business Free of charge, tailor-made expert advice on green business transition! Do you want to help your company or the organisation you work at develop a sustainable business model and strategy for the future? Green business transition aims to make companies more environmentally friendly and sustainable in their operations and production. This means that the company takes responsibility for its impact on the environment and society and works to reduce its climate impact and use of resources. Green business transition includes a range of actions, such as reducing energy consumption, using renewable energy, reducing greenhouse gas emissions, reducing waste, recycling materials and resources, using more sustainable products and materials, or promoting social responsibility. Companies that start the process of green business transition can enjoy multiple benefits, such as reduced costs through energy efficiency and waste reduction, improved brand value and increased market competitiveness. Most importantly, green transition is an important part of the global effort to reduce climate change and protect the environment to contribute to a sustainable future. Blog text by Erkka Toikkanen, Felicia Söderlund and Erica Scott In recent decades, sustainability has attracted researchers, practitioners, teachers and students from different institutions and disciplines all over the world. What distinguishes sustainability from many other disciplines is its complexity and diversity. It is inter- and multidisciplinary in nature and requires collaboration between different societal stakeholders. The sustainability toolbox is continuously growing, with concepts, methods and indicators. The diversity can make it challenging to know how to navigate within sustainability. How should a company figure out what is smart to invest in? Sustainability challenges are complex challenges. This means that there is not just one cause of the problem or just one solution. When dealing with complex challenges, we need tools and models that help us understand how the system as a whole works and help us prioritise our possible ways forward and manage trade-offs between different issues. The Framework for Strategic Sustainable Development (FSSD) is a framework for strategic sustainable development, developed since the 1990s by an international research team led by Karl-Henrik Robért. The methodology is one of the most proven in the field of sustainability. It is characterised by offering both an overall system understanding and concrete tools and approaches. Two key elements of the framework are presented below: the sustainability principles and the ABCD model. The core of the framework consists of eight science-based sustainability conditions that clearly define the thresholds for a future sustainable society, both from an environmental and social point of view. What is fundamental from a sustainability perspective is that the company's business model and the processes on which it depends at all stages remain within the framework of the sustainability principles. This ensures that the company creates long-term value both for its shareholders and for the system on which it depends. The business model monetises the interest but does not deplete the capital. The strategic approach to sustainability presented in the framework is called the ABCD model and is based on backcasting. Backcasting, as opposed to forecasting, means starting from the vision of the future you want to create. This ensures that success is achieved at the right time and in the right way. An ABCD process means that the company first develops a clear goal of where the company needs to be (step A) when the business model is fully sustainable in accordance with a system understanding and scientific definition of ecological and social sustainability. The current situation is then analysed in relation to the goal and the 8 sustainability principles (B step), thereby identifying a sustainability gap. In the last two steps (C and D), actions and solutions are brainstormed and prioritised to bridge the sustainability gap step by step in a strategic and systematic way. By integrating a systems-based approach to sustainability into your business model, you can future-proof your operations. It also provides knowledge on how to manage trade-offs between different interests and long-term strategic priorities in your sustainability work. This ensures that the sustainability work is relevant to the company's own operations and provides answers to the questions where more data is needed and where there is a need to deepen the level of knowledge in order to continue working in a strategic way. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Services Green transition - REACT project Our handbooks are now available for free in three different languages! What is green business transition? The FSSD method - strategising sustainability in your business Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub Breadcrumb Quick links Pre-Incubator Program (15 ECTS) Incubator Program (15 ECTS) What do we offer? Who can participate? Our spaces Join us! Contact us Mervi Hernberg Linn Hongell The Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub – a safe place for development and enterprise You have an idea - we have the tools to bring it to life! Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub helps you identify and realise the next step on your entrepreneurial journey. At Arcada, we believe in empowering the next generation of entrepreneurs. Whether you're just starting with a groundbreaking idea or already running a company, the Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub is here to support you on your journey. The pre-incubator offers you a great opportunity to develop your business idea in a safe and encouraging environment. In our entrepreneurship programme, you get concrete tools and guidance from Arcada's own experts, alumni and external guest lecturers in a unique environment created to support entrepreneurial ambitions. The pre-incubator programme takes place twice a year. For ten weeks, you participate in workshops organised twice a week on Arcada’s campus. The programme in a nutshell: Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub has been developed in cooperation with the City of Helsinki and is part of the Campus Incubators Programme. The programme supports entrepreneurship at higher education institutions in the capital region. Already have a company and looking to take it to the next level? Our brand-new Incubator Program is designed for entrepreneurs who are ready to scale and new practical help and support with business practicalities. This 15 ECTS program offers tailored support, access to industry experts, and the resources you need to grow your business. The program runs October-April 2024-2025 once a month on site and between that coaching sessions and assignments supporting your business growth. Our entrepreneurship programmes have a hands-on approach to entrepreneurship and business and cover the topic from different perspectives, in combination with informative and inspiring lectures by experts. You will get ideas and support from other participants and people who are entrepreneurs and professionals in different areas. We also try to support participants with mentors. Arcada students and alumni are welcome to participate in the pre-incubator programme. The incubator program is open to everyone. The programme is suitable for you who: Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub has its own modern facilities on campus. The space encourages to creativity and innovation, and has been designed and developed by students during a course focusing on creating entrepreneurial spaces that support working life skills. Application to the programme this spring is open until 11.2.2025. Entrepreneurship Coach E-mail: mervi.hernberg@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 579 Senior Lecturer in Business Administration E-mail: linn.hongell@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 524 The aim of the Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub was to create an environment where students feel confident to present their ideas for enterprises, where they feel free to think outside the box and to meet across branch boundaries. The first pre-incubator program of the autumn brought out several business ideas, three start-ups and, above all, a boost to the self-confidence of the students. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Collaborate with us Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub Pre-Incubator Program (15 ECTS) Incubator Program (15 ECTS) What do we offer? Who can participate? Our spaces Join us! Contact us have an idea and an ambition to develop something new need help to identify the strengths and weaknesses of your business idea or business want to be part of a network where you receive support and feedback want to get in touch with relevant people in the industry are looking for people who want to help develop your business idea. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu International Nurses Day 12.05.2023 13:00-18:00 - Arcada Welcome to celebrate International Nurses Day with the theme "Our nurses. Our future." on 12 May at Arcada. International Nurses Day has been celebrated by the International Council of Nurses since 1965. However, it was not until 1974 when 12th May was chosen to celebrate this day to coincide with the anniversary of the birth of Florence Nightingale. This year the day will be celebrated at Arcada with a seminar where several interesting speakers will discuss and reflect on the nursing profession today and in the future. The event takes place at Arcada's campus and is free for everyone. Due to a limit of seats to this event, enroll by registering with the following link . If you have questions, please contact Terése Sjölund, degree programme director, Nursing. You are welcome to take part in the celebration! Maria Forss Dean, School of Health and Economics Sari Roos RN, sairaala toimintojen opetushoitaja Helsingin kaupunki, SotePe Craig Wilkinson RN from South Africa HUS Mingle @ the Big Square Stand: Fisher&Paykel, Braun, Sjuksköterskeförenigen, Karl Stolz, Tehy, the social robots of Arcada, Suomen Sairaanhoitajat r.y Carl Pabillo RN Master student Lasse Luukka RN, Product Specialist at Mediplast Fenno Oy Glenda Dangis RN, PhD student Anna Anåker (via zoom) Doctor of Philosophy Dalarna University Research in Nursing Science, Healthcare Environment and the relevance of sustainability and climate change to nursing and healthcare Closing speech: Miksi sairaanhoitajan työ on paras Kirsi Coco Tehy - The Union of Health and Social Care Professionals in Finland koulutuspoliittinen asiantuntija, RN, PhD Mingle @ Big Square Drink and salty snack Stand: Fisher&Paykel, Braun, Sjuksköterskeföreningen, Karl Stolz, Tehy, the social robots of Arcada, Suomen Sairaanhoitajat r.y Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu The Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub – a safe place for development and enterprise Breadcrumb A pre-incubator program with the city of Helsinki Students are pleased The aim of the Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub was to create an environment where students feel confident to present their ideas for enterprises, where they feel free to think outside the box and to meet across branch boundaries. The first pre-incubator program of the autumn brought out several business ideas, three start-ups and, above all, a boost to the self-confidence of the students. Easy chairs and a relaxing environment make the Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub different from other classrooms at Arcada. What started as a student project in 2019, with suggestions for innovative learning environments, has evolved into this place, designed to draw out creativity, innovation, and entrepreneurial ambition in the students. Fredrik Sirén, Entrepreneurship Hub coach, is someone who also draws out entrepreneurial ambition in the students. He routinely meets with and coaches students, alumni, and others who visit the hub with new ideas. – When I began working at the hub in September 2022, I imagined my job was to help students develop their ideas. To a certain extent that is the case, but a much greater and more important task has been to give a boost to the self-confidence of students, to encourage them to believe in what they are attempting and to build up a tolerance for new things, says Sirén. Fredrik was primarily responsible for the pre-incubator program at Arcada last autumn, when the hub was established. Over a period of eight weeks, a total of ten student groups from all branches of Arcada congregated to develop business ideas, with the help of practical tools and guidance provided by experts, alumni, and guest speakers. – The program is for you who have a vision of being an entrepreneur and an idea you want to develop and need help with. The course focus is on teaching an entrepreneurial mindset and looking at practical tools that help you move on with your idea, Sirén says. The Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub is a cross-campus project, initiated and financed by the city of Helsinki together with the Lindstedt foundation. All higher education institutions (HEIs) in the Helsinki region take part in the campus incubator program in order to support entrepreneurship at the HEIs.One of the positive outcomes is that the project allows cross-boundary cooperation, between various branches at Arcada as well as with other HEIs. Pictured from left: Carl-Johan Rosenbröijer, Linn Hongell, Fredrik Sirén and Mervi Hernberg.– When the city of Helsinki enquired about a pre-incubator program, we viewed this as a unique opportunity, as we had nothing like it at Arcada. For a long time, we have seen great potential in our students, in how they present new solutions, fantastic ideas and display a considerable aptitude to think outside the box. We saw a unique opportunity to help them, says Mervi Hernberg, another entrepreneurship coach, who teaches both intrapreneurial and entrepreneurial thinking at Arcada. Mervi worked for close to two years with colleagues Linn Hongell and Carl-Johan Rosenbröijer to establish the hub at Arcada in the autumn of 2022. The hub environment was constructed with external financing. It is the result of Arcada’s anniversary campaign to raise funds for new learning and research environments that are conducive to innovations. The Tre Smeder foundation supported the Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub with a donation in the autumn. – Without outside support we would not have been able to create this unique environment. We are very grateful for the support we have received, Hernbergs says. Joakim Berger is one of the students who participated in the first pre-incubator program. A first-year business administration student at Arcada, he is very pleased with the program and its contents. – This is the best course I have taken so far. I appreciated the fact that it was practice-oriented and relaxed and that we sat together dreaming up new things. The course gave me a more entrepreneurial mindset and got me thinking about what it means being an entrepreneur and to think outside the box, Berger says. The program meant that Joakim became an actual entrepreneur. Together with his friend Bener Senel, another participant in the program, he set up the Mini Events company after the course. – We had an idea when we signed up for the course and thought, “why not, let’s do this”. It was a great way for me to work out how business administration play out in real life, by doing it, Berger says. The project promotors hope additional businesses will be established. The aim of the project, which currently is set to continue at least to the spring of 2024, is 10 new enterprises per year. In February 2023 the pre-incubator program will be organised for the second time at the Entrepreneurship Hub, and the students have shown great interest in the event. – It has been a privilege to see how our students have developed and how they support and help one another. When this project is completed, we really hope the pre-incubator program is something we could implement in our activities. We need more new businesses and cross-boundary cooperation, both at Arcada and in our society generally, Mervi Hernberg says. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2022 The Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub – a safe place for development and enterprise Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Ethics and trustworthiness have advanced artificial intelligence research Breadcrumb A new laboratory and a substantial grant The interdisciplinary aspect attracted a new affiliated professor Current research topics Current research During the year artificial intelligence, or AI, was one the main areas of research focus at Arcada as the social impact of artificial intelligence increases. Ethics and trustworthiness became important concepts, not least at Arcada’s newly established Laboratory for Trustworthy AI. A substantial grant from the Ministry of Education and Culture and the appointment of an affiliated professor to the laboratory are other AI research milestones of the year. AI has gained in importance at Arcada due to efforts that began ten years ago, when AI research was introduced at the UAS, paving the way for the Big Data Analytics master’s programme, among others. In subsequent years Arcada has further enhanced the focus on AI by specifically concentrating on the ethics of new technologies and the interaction between humans and robots. Dental care, care of the elderly as well as rehabilitation therapy and preventive health care are only a few of the areas that so far have benefited from research into AI development and use. In 2022 the newly established Laboratory for Trustworthy AI became part of an interdisciplinary, international research network for organisations and actors training to evaluate sustainable and ethical uses of AI. The laboratory connects academia with civil society, including developers of AI solutions, students, end users, researchers, and stakeholders – an initiative made possible in part by the fundraising campaign Arcada 25. The laboratory and the international network allow Arcada’s research staff to evaluate how trustworthy and sustainable AI development is safeguarded trough a holistic process, in order to promote an ethical development of society. We identified ethical values and positions as the most important aspects of the process of evaluating trustworthy AI. The evaluation process itself was carried out using Z-Inspection® , a method of evaluating trustworthy AI, which became available when professor Roberto V. Zicari, the founder of Frankfurt Big Data Lab at Goethe University and the Z-Inspection® initiative, became an affiliated professor at Arcada in 2021. The starting point of this research project is that ethics and social impact are important factors in understanding the consequences of computer-controlled decisions and solutions. We reach the highest AI potential when the end user, human responsibility and thought processes come first, and AI is a support function. A deeper understanding of the effects of artificial intelligence, and hence the inherent pitfalls, in societal terms, for democracy, peace and civic wellbeing, was gained not only within the network of the lab, but was also noted by the EU Commission, the European parliament, the UN and the World Economic Forum. Senior lecturer Magnus Westerlund, the initiator of the Laboratory for Trustworthy AI, also initiated a related research project in sustainable and ethical AI utilisation in society, Trustworthy AI Systems (TAIS). The research project was granted 500 000 euros from the Ministry of Education and Culture, part of a five-million-euro government grant earmarked for research, development and innovation disbursed to ten Finnish universities of applied sciences. – The starting point of this research project is that ethics and social impact are important factors in understanding the consequences of computer-controlled decisions and solutions. We reach the highest AI potential when the end user, human responsibility and thought processes come first, and AI is a support function, Westerlund says. Our expertise in trustworthy AI was further enhanced in 2022 when philosophy professor Elisabeth Hildt was appointed Arcada’s third affiliated professor. Hildt is the director of the Center for the Study of Ethics in the Professions at Illinois Institute of Technology with a Ph.D. from the university of Tübingen. Her areas of expertise include the social and ethical consequences of science and technology, bioethics as well as technology and society. Portrait photo of Elisabeth Hildt. – Working with Elisabeth Hildt, a pioneer of applied ethics, is a great boon for Arcada. Her insight will contribute to Arcada’s research and education in AI and ethical questions, said Henrika Franck, dean of Graduate school and research at Arcada, about the appointment. Hildt was drawn to the interdisciplinary, international research community that connects academia with society at large. – Arcada is an interdisciplinary UAS representing several sectors, which makes it particularly interesting to me. My own area of expertise with the focus on ethical aspects fits in nicely with Arcada’s research into AI. I see several interesting possibilities for cooperation and development, Hildt says. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2022 Ethics and trustworthiness have advanced artificial intelligence research Distributed safety for modular autonomous systems Improved utilisation of digital opportunities and future use of AI in order to discover or support specific functions and digital processes AI integrity and ethics Social robotics Development of new machine-learning algorithms Evaluating the use of AI Open architecture of digital infrastructure Evaluating system risks on the macro-financial level Mapping acid sulphate soils and their climate impact Ways of using safe and fast AI methods as close to the user as possible (Edge Computing) Trustworthy AI AI and autonomous vehicles AI and humanoid robots AI and autonomous marine vessels Work capacity of people with mental health problems Autonomous care support agents AI drones Functional capacity of the aged Mapping acid sulphate soils and their climate impact Ways of using safe and fast AI methods as close to the user as possible (Edge Computing) Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Integrating international students is an important focus at Arcada Breadcrumb Internship to integration A path to professional life Projects in wich Arcada takes part in aid of integration and support for international students Arcada supports the government’s national aim of increasing the number of international students arriving in Finland and staying here. Arcada employs various projects and new models in order to integrate an increasing number of international students in working careers in Finland. The number of international students is on the rise all over the world - in Finland, too. Nevertheless, several studies over the past few years show that international students experience resistance when venturing out to find work in Finland. – There is still prejudice in our society, and this is the greatest challenge. The labour market is not all that open to those who don’t speak Finnish. We have seen that without speaking Finnish at the required level and lacking a network of contacts, international students find it more difficult to find a job or internship position in the field they have trained for, says Annika Stadius, Director, Arcada Services, who works with career support and student wellbeing at Arcada. The picture shows the project team of the "INTERLOCALITY" project.In recent years, Arcada has been involved on several levels in improving the conditions for international students arriving in Finland and at Arcada. Among other things, Arcada offers SIMHE services (Supporting Immigrants in Higher Education in Finland) which means we undertake to provide career counselling and information on higher education to people with an immigrant background. Arcada is also active in the Talent Boost action program, which was launched to support the government aim of increasing the number of international students arriving in Finland for a degree to 15 000 a year and that 75% of these students remain in Finland and are integrated in the Finnish professional environment. – One aim of Talent Boost is to support the integration of international students in our society and, above all, to help them start a career after graduating. With external financing, Arcada has worked towards this goal through several projects. The largest current endeavour was launched in February 2022 with the Erasmus + project Interlocality (Increased Local Employability of International Degree Students). The aim of the project is to increase local employability of international degree students in the fields of technology and business administration, says Sandra Slotte, Senior Policy Advisor, Internationalisation, Arcadas Project Manager for INTERLOCALITY and responsible for Arcada’s Talent Boost-service promise to the ministry. Another Arcada Talent Boost endeavour, the “Internship to integration” project, was launched in the spring of 2022 in support of the integration of international students in the Finnish professional environment. The project is designed to convince Finnish companies to commit to receiving international business administration students from Arcada on an ongoing basis. Project manager Linn Hongell was inspired to launch the project by a lecture on an American internship model. Portrait of Linn Hongell.– We have phenomenal students who study in versatile programmes, and yet many find it difficult to integrate into the Finnish professional environment. When I heard about the American practice of businesses hiring interns on an ongoing basis, I thought that it would be a great solution and a model worth trying, Hongell says. Participants in the Internship to integration project include Real-Time Locating System company Quuppa, C&C Port Agency Finland and Finn Church Aid. Over a six-month period, they will continuously accept student interns. The internship is unpaid, but the student gains 30 credits, 20 weeks of training and a valuable opportunity to gain a foothold in the Finnish labour market. The project is successful and appreciated both by the companies and the students. - Participating companies have been very pleased and the way it worked out, they chose to take on two student interns at a time, instead of one. I hope this will also give the companies an increased appreciation of the competence the students possess, says Hongell. Ella Kennedy is one of the international business administration students doing her internship at Quuppa through the project. Her internship began in January and so far, she is pleased with the project. – This has been a new experience and I’ve gained lots of valuable know-how. I have never had a nine-to-five office job, and this has been an exercise in adapting and a great deal of new information to process.One of the main lessons learned was teamwork, as I’m used to working more independently, she says. Quuppa is an international work environment and the main internal communication language is English, something Kennedy appreciates. She also encourages everyone who can to aim for an internship. – You learn a lot about a workplace and a job as an intern. I really think everyone who has the opportunity to work as an intern, should take it. Giving more international students a path to professional life is also what Hongell strives for. The Internship to integration project will end in the spring of 2023, but she hopes this is just the beginning. – Our work providing necessary support for the students, continues. The model can be extended and be part of that work. I dream that one day every international Arcada student is guaranteed a job in Finland. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2022 Integrating international students is an important focus at Arcada Arcada is a SIMHE higher education institution, which means we undertake to provide career counselling and information on higher education to people with an immigrant background. During the year 2022 Arcada has had a guidance counsellor providing SIMHE services through Karriärcenter Arabia. The services have been available in English, Russian and Swedish. Talent Boost is an action program, launched by the government with the aim of increasing the number of experts, employees, students, and researchers arriving in Finland. Arcada and every other higher education institution have committed to the program. The largest Talent Boost endeavour at Arcada is the Erasmus + partnership project INTERLOCALITY - Increased Local Employability of International Degree Students, realised in cooperation with three other universities of applied sciences and, a third sector organisation in Europe. The aim of the project is to increase local employability of international students and alumni, both by developing the employability of students and alumni and by advancing the capacity and willingness of local businesses to recruit and retain them as employees. ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­The aim of the Internship to integration project has been to create a model for internship programs with businesses. The pilot was launched in the autumn of 2022 with International Business students who took internship jobs with participating businesses. The pilot was realised with two companies, and the work on enlisting more is ongoing. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Highlights of 2022 Breadcrumb Highlights of 2022 Discover the highlights of 2022 at Arcada. Arcada naming its first Alumni of the Year and launching projects to strengthen international students' local employment are just some of the highlights of the year. Read more highlights below. Click on the months to read the highlights. Arcada’s rector Mona Forsskåhl was elected to the board of Arene – the Rectors’ Conference of Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences. The primary purpose of the Rector’s Conference is to promote the interests of Finnish universities of applied sciences. The new board took office in the new year. Arcada’s staff, students and alumni volunteered to help with Covid vaccination, with the aim of slowing down the progress of the pandemic. The Covid pandemic caused us to introduce remote studies, but on 2 February the campus was again opened for teaching. The studies were initially conducted in small groups, with masks and observing safety distances. We celebrated Arcada’s 25th anniversary and started a fundraising campaign in February 2022. The aim of our campaign - called “The future rarely turns out as expected. Often, it turns out better”- is to raise funds for digital solutions that create innovative, inclusive and inspiring learning and research environments at the university. The Alumni Meeting 2022 was organised with Hanken School of Economics, Novia UAS, Åbo Akademi University and the University of Helsinki with the theme “Requirements for social sustainability in the workplace”. Arcada and the Åland University of Applied Sciences conclude a five-year agreement on cooperation.The aim is to develop new ways of sharing knowledge, resources and competence between the universities. Our culture and media students organised a number of events aimed at attracting students back to the campus. One of the events, the Campus Celebration Day, took place on 12th May before the summer break, in celebration of the campus community. A new affiliated professor provides Arcada with more expertise in artificial intelligence and ethics. Elisabeth Hildt is a philosophy professor and researcher focussing on the philosophical and ethical aspects of science and technology. Arcada started a project aimed at helping international students to find a training position on the Finnish job market. The project “Internship to Integration” is designed to convince Finnish companies to commit to receiving a set number of international business administration students annually from Arcada. Arcada’s Swedish degree programme for occupational therapy will henceforth be provided in a multiform programme mode. This increases flexibility and provides an opportunity to complete the course occupational therapy remotely, a choice much called for. The new SISU administrative tool is launched. The staff was introduced to the tool during Arcada Day, held on 8 August. The academic year 2022–2023 began with the opening of the academic year on Wednesday 7 September. After two years of lockdown the opening was once again organised on campus for first year students, staff and invited guests.Rector Mona Forsskåhl declared the academic year opened, with digitalisation being the key word for the year. Arcada joins EduNet, an international higher education network in automation. Through the network Arcada will establish new international contacts in the industry and gain cutting edge automation equipment. Arcada elects the first Alum of the Year. The distinction is conveyed on a person who is an inspiration to the students of today and who displays a broad commitment to the university. Arcada’s first Alum of the Year is Johanna Stenbeck, who is a 2003 media graduate. Rector Mona Forsskåhl challenged private individuals who contributed to the anniversary fundraiser campaign Arcada 25 by putting up five euros for every donation made between the 4- 31 October. The fundraiser collected a total of 13 500 euros in October. Arcada establishes free preparation courses for people looking to apply to the Swedish degree programmes for paramedics, physical therapy and cultural management. The purpose of the course is to help prepare for the application process, which was held in spring 2023. Study credits gained from the course will also count towards the completion of the degree programme once enrolled at Arcada. Arcada’s new pre-incubator program for the new Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub is launched with some ten business ideas that go from vision to realisation. The hub is a meeting place designed to encourage entrepreneurship, creativity and innovation – over language barriers and educational boundaries. Stephanie Ramos, who studies engineering at Arcada, receives an award from Kvinnliga Akademiker i Helsingfors. The female graduate association presents an annual award to a foreign student who studies natural sciences or engineering at a Swedish language academy in Helsinki. Arcada receives 500 000 euros from the Ministry of Education and Culture for the development of the strategic focus in AI (Artificial intelligence.) A grant of five million euros, split between ten vocational colleges in Finland, is part of a government budget for financing research, development and innovation. Arcada joins forces with external parties in the ”INTERLOCALITY” project, financed by Erasmus in order to improve employability in the local setting for international students. The nurses’ association "Finlands Sjukskötare" designates Arcada nursing alumna Mishel Tatarnikova as one of the 2022 rising stars in the health care sector. The award was given to ten nurses at the beginning of their careers who have made a significant contribution to Finnish healthcare with their expertise and work. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2022 Highlights of 2022 Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu A year of change – and confidence in the future Breadcrumb The anniversary campaign Arcada 25 Open Science and publication The year 2022 was in many ways one of change and one of adapting to new realities. The academic year commenced with a new organisational structure for Arcada. The work of developing new guidelines and processes to fit the new structures began before the new model was introduced, and continued throughout the first academic year. The beginning of the year came with major adjustments that required both time and effort to complete. The situation came to a head when we were obliged to begin our year with a sudden campus closure. A new Covid wave resulted in the authorities reintroducing the most severe restrictions. Remote studies were a familiar phenomenon, and the transition was smooth, but another period of remote work was a strain on both staff and students. After an extended period of physical isolation, the students really needed to start establishing the invaluable social networks provided by student life. The staff also needed to get together and develop the new work procedures that were introduced with the new organisational structures. When we once more opened the campus in February, several rounds of active efforts were required to revert to routine physical meetings and activities on campus. Only in the autumn term did the campus become fully operational, with staff and students in normal attendance. Even so, campus activities were not quite what they had been. The new organisational structure created new routines and operational guidelines. The new office layouts for different tasks, combined with new models for supporting remote work, created new routines for several people. Both the organisational restructuring and the campus transformation were designed to create new informal meetings and exchanges of information over team boundaries. The experiences of the year seem to support that reasoning. In February Arcada University of Applied Sciences (UAS) was in a position, remote work notwithstanding, to celebrate our anniversary with the Arcada 25 campaign. The aim of the campaign is to create new and upgraded labs and learning environments to meet current and future requirements for a digital reality. The campaign had a visible launch in February and was successful for the rest of the year. By the end of the year the campaign had reached halfway to the monetary goal and several valuable collaborations and relations were strengthened. Before the end of December some of the planned environments were already constructed and some spaces taken into use, with others still under construction. Arcada’s new Entrepreneurship Hub was introduced in the autumn and the centre for health technology research and rehabilitation opened in anticipation of the finishing touches. Apart from the valuable new learning and research environments gained, one is bound to observe that all the positive feedback the campaign elicited from the stakeholders we approached, is in itself of value. Arcada is, and will remain, at the forefront – for the benefit of students and society. Arcada continues to focus on the aim of creating smart solutions for a rewarding and sustainable life. In the spring of 2022 Finland’s Eastern neighbour attacked Ukraine. The war continued all year, but it also had obvious consequences for the higher education sector of Finland from the very beginning. People were severely impacted by the uncertainty and fear that the aggressive war caused. The institutions of higher education in Finland, Arcada included, followed the general European agreements about sanctions and restrictions on collaboration with Russian entities that were swiftly implemented and ended all collaborative projects in progress and any other interaction with official Russian agencies. After the initial phase of acute measures, the sector continued by providing a variety of educational opportunities and other support measures for Ukrainian refugees. Arcada was very quickly able to provide guidance in Russian, which turned out to be valuable. Various education modules were also put in place for the refugees. In the spring, even the students at Arcada were engaged in creating various events in order to show their support for Ukraine and the Ukrainian people. During the year we completed a survey and analysis of Arcada’s publishing operations. Our particular focus was on the extent to which Arcada lives up to the Recommendation on Open Science and open publication. It transpired that the measures taken to increase openness in our research and research reporting has borne fruit. In research culture, research data and research infrastructures, Arcada has reached the highest degree of openness. Our publishing openness remains one level under the national average. The reason is that we have a high level of ambition and quality for our research. When Arcada researchers publish in high-ranking publishing channels, it sometimes means that open publication is not feasible. Arcada has a greater number of publications (more than 30 %) than the national average (less than 10 %) in peer reviewed series and channels, which are open after a delay or not at all. Our researchers, with the emphatic support of the UAS, have made a conscious decision to prioritise the higher value of quality and scientific reputation that come with closed expert publications. The aftermath of the pandemic and the Russian aggression has destabilized the global economy. The situation was uncertain even before the attack on Ukraine, but the ongoing war and a new formation of blocs caused market confidence in the economy to fall further – and with it the investments of the UAS. This is the main reason the financial statement for the year is distinctly negative. The operating result also ended in the red. This is partly due to the acceleration of inflation, particularly in the autumn months, and partly because we were unable to fully make use of certain project financing as originally planned. We did have a positive trend in the increased number of international, paying students. They not only provide everyone with the opportunity to learn to act in an international environment, but also entail added revenue, not least in the light of the fact that these students will also need special guidance and career support during their studies. Another positive economic trend, continuing from previous years, is the expansion of the UAS´s project portfolio. This suggests that research financing is available and that our researchers and research teams are ambitious and successful. Arcada continues to focus on the aim of creating smart solutions for a rewarding and sustainable life. 09 May 2023 in Helsinki Mona Forsskåhl Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2022 Rector's review Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Annual Report 2022 Breadcrumb Main menu Key Figures Financial Report and Annual Review (in Swedish) File File In focus Rector's review Ethics and trustworthiness have advanced artificial intelligence research Integrating international students is an important focus at Arcada The Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub – a safe place for development and enterprise The year 2022 brought about many changes both at Arcada and in the outside world. A long-awaited return to campus and a new organisational structure meant a new everyday life to adapt to. The fundraising campaign for Arcada's 25th anniversary continued to be successful and already reached halfway to the goal at the end of the year. Below you can download the financial report and annual review in Swedish. Financial report: Annual review: Find out more about what happened at Arcada during the year by clicking on the links below. The year 2022 was in many ways one of change and one of adapting to new realities. The academic year commenced with a new organisational structure for Arcada. The work of developing new guidelines and processes to fit the new structures began before the new model was introduced, and continued throughout the first academic year. During the year artificial intelligence, or AI, was one the main areas of research focus at Arcada as the social impact of artificial intelligence increases. Ethics and trustworthiness became important concepts, not least at Arcada’s newly established Laboratory for Trustworthy AI. A substantial grant from the Ministry of Education and Culture and the appointment of an affiliated professor to the laboratory are other AI research milestones of the year. Arcada supports the government’s national aim of increasing the number of international students arriving in Finland and staying here. Arcada employs various projects and new models in order to integrate an increasing number of international students in working careers in Finland. The aim of the Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub was to create an environment where students feel confident to present their ideas for enterprises, where they feel free to think outside the box and to meet across branch boundaries. The first pre-incubator program of the autumn brought out several business ideas, three start-ups and, above all, a boost to the self-confidence of the students. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2022 Highlights of 2022 The Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub – a safe place for development and enterprise Integrating international students is an important focus at Arcada Ethics and trustworthiness have advanced artificial intelligence research Rector's review Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Introduction to Python for Data Science Further education / Technology Breadcrumb Introduction to Python for Data Science Teaching Form Course Content Basics Python programming basics Data science Timetable Teacher: Contact us about the course Ulla Nyberg This course is intended for you who wish to learn the basics of programming in Python with focus on data science. The skills you develop in this course will also be of great benefit if you continue studying at the Big Data Analytics specialisation/master programme at Arcada. Please sign up to the course no later than 4.8.2025. Upon completion of the course, you understand the basics of the Python programming language and you are capable of developing simple applications. You will also learn the basics of acquiring, pre-processing and visualizing data using the Pandas library. The teaching is realized as onsite contact teaching, consisting of lectures and supervised programming exercises. The course grade is assessed based on practical programming assignments. Please note, this course is free of charge for participants who within a year continue their studies via Arcada's Big Data Analytics Specalisation programme. (The offer will be realized when you apply to the Specialisation programme) Contact teaching is organized during the time period 19.8.2025 - 10.9.2025. Please note, that the timetable has been changed on 23.6.2025. Rene Herrmann, Senior Lecturer in Natural Sciences and Composite Materials. Career Counsellor E-mail: ulla.nyberg@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 553 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Introduction to Python for Data Science Price 100 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 19.08.2025-10.09.2025 Last application date 04.08.2025 Python as a programming language Python environments (Anaconda) Jupyter notebooks Others Program structure Built-in functions Variables Data types Operators Repetition and conditions Functions and procedures Data pre-processing and manipulation with Pandas Numpy arrays Visulization with Matplotlib and seaborn Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Health Equity Education - HEQED seminar 08.06.2023 13:00-16:30 - Arcada and Online File The overall purpose of the HEQED (Health Equity Education) project is to support higher education institutions in building competence in health equity. The aim with the conference is to discuss different perspectives on health equity and reflect on how ethical judgement and evaluations promote or hinder health equity in a European and global social context. With the onset of the HEQED project, we experienced that several global crises deeply impacted the daily lives, health, and wellbeing of people across Europe and elsewhere. At our first team meeting in Bergen (Norway), February 2022, social distancing measures due to COVID-19 were being gradually removed. The COVID-19 pandemic up to that point had clearly demonstrated how (in)equity relates to health. Several factors as pre-existing conditions, place of residence, racialisation, occupation, gender identity/sex, religion/beliefs system, education/literacy level, socioeconomic status, social capital, and age, among other factors (Ismail, Tunis, Zhao & Quach, 2021) have been found to increase health inequity during the pandemic. At the same day as our kick-off meeting started, Russia invaded Ukraine, and a Europe in war affected our thinking and work. During our second meeting in Zaragoza (Spain), October 2022, the HEQED team together with key stakeholders: students, teachers and decision makers in higher education and the public, jointly reflected on the aspects previously discussed, as well as on other, new emerging issues including the current global climate crisis. Our joint effort contributed to further contextualizing and shaping our HEQED project, and thus also our framework for health equity through higher education. A continuous process of analysis and reflection on key concepts forms the basis for our work. As representing a major societal institution, namely higher education, we also agreed on taking a clear and visible stand towards justice, ethics and morality related to health equity, which is understood and conceptualized as a process and not an end in itself. At this third HEQED transnational meeting in Helsinki (Finland) June 2023 we will continue: Program for June 8th: Please sign up for the seminar before June 6th. Read more about the HEQED project. Read more about the HEQED Framework: Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search to further discuss different perspectives on health equity and and reflect on how ethical judgements and evaluations promote or hinder health equity in a European and global social context. to develop the HEQED home, an open educational resource (OER) platform, for collaborations between educational institutions, NGOs, humanitarian organisations, user organisations and individuals with digital material on health equity Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu We support you in every step of your career Breadcrumb Arcada alumni, -95 Searching for a job, -63 Main menu Guidance counselling towards studies Guidance counselling towards work Get ready for your next step! Book an appointment My competencies Not sure what your strengths are? Have you chosen the 'right' study path? Where can you find a workplace or internship? Arcada's career support helps you as an Arcada student or recent graduate with your career planning and your next step. Our career counsellors Inga and Ulla are here for you who have questions and concerns regarding job-seeking and career planning. We are here for you if you have questions regarding studies!Career counselling towards studies can: We are here for you if you are curious about working life, want to discuss career choices or get help with your practical job search. Our career counsellors can support you when writing a job application, creating a CV or a cover letter or editing your LinkedIn profile. We can also help you map your strengths and competencies and hone your pitch for your job interview. We support you in getting clarity on your career options, identify your skills and put them into words, and make a career plan. We are here for you when you are considering your next steps, looking for change or don´t know what you want! Do you have too many options that interest you? Do you not know what you want at all? Do you have a changed life situation that makes you need to start over someway? SIMHE counselling (Supporting Immigrants in Higher Education) As of 2021, Arcada has had the status of a SIMHE Higher Education Institution (HEI) and has had a special responsibility for developing services for those wishing to integrate with Swedish as their first language. Our SIMHE counsellors have offered individual guidance towards studies and jobs and organised career-related events. Together, we have been able to explore appropriate integration pathways through language studies, skills development or identify needs for the recognition of professional qualifications. Guidance at SIMHE Arcada has been offered until 30 June 2025, after which you can contact the SIMHE services at the University of Helsinki and Metropolia University of Applied Sciences or any of the other SIMHE HEI's, whose contact details can be found on the website of the Finnish National Agency for Education . Follow our Instagram account @karriarcenterarcada and LinkedIn for some tips, advice and an insight into our everyday life at the centre. Book an appointment with a career counsellor who can help you with your thoughts about work, studies or finding the next goal in life. Our counselling services are free of charge. The tool helps you to identify your skills and personal qualities. It does not give calculated results on how you are as a person, but you can get an insight into your strengths and areas of development. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Services Career Centre Book an appointment with a career counsellor My competencies support you in navigate through different study possibilities and admissions, help you find different study opportunities based on your situation, be a sounding board for finding suitable study opportunities if you do not know what to choose, support you to get clarity with your current studies if you have doubts about having chosen the right path. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Book an appointment Breadcrumb Quick links Our career counsellors Ulla Nyberg Inga Chernova Book an appointment Book an appointment with a career counsellor who can help you with your thoughts about work, studies or finding the next goal in life. Our counselling services are free of charge. Career Counsellor E-mail: ulla.nyberg@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 553 Meet Ulla when you want to shape or develop your career path: to explore what motivates you, understand what you are passionate about and in what context you want to work. As a career counsellor, she also provides guidance for further and supplementary studies. Ulla offers individual counselling sessions for Arcada students and alumni in Swedish and English. Career Counsellor E-mail: inga.chernova@arcada.fi Phone number: +358 50 5758400 Inga is a career counsellor dedicated to helping you discover your life mission, create a plan to achieve it, and present yourself in the best possible light. Inga primarily works with international students (MISAS project) and engineering students (ANCHOR project) as well as all Arcada students and alumni. She mainly consults in English, with Ukrainian available if needed. Book an appointment with a career counsellor who can help you with your questions regarding work, studies or your next step. Proceed to our calendar below to select a service, a career counsellor and a suitable date and free time. You can meet us either online or on campus. If you have a shorter question, you are welcome to meet us during our drop-in hours. The Career Centre is located on Arcada's campus at the entrance level in C1, opposite the elevators. Tips on how to get the most out of the meeting: The career counsellor is a neutral conversation partner who has professional secrecy regarding your personal circumstances. Our career counselling services are free of charge. You have not yet given permission to place the required cookies. Accept the required cookies to view this content. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Services Career Centre Book an appointment with a career counsellor Our career counsellors Book an appointment Feel free to prepare by writing down your thoughts and questions. Have your certificates, diplomas, your CV or other documentation close at hand. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Healthcare Leadership Further education / Social and healthcare Breadcrumb Apply here! The course During this course you will build your competences within: After completing this course you will be able to: Arcada – a window to the Nordics Flexible and completely online Timetable (online lectures) Contact us about the course Jonas Danielson Are you a healthcare professional, ready to take the next step and respond to the new needs within your field? This course prepares you for leadership in the healthcare sector and helps you to reflect upon changes in personal leadership behaviour, as evidenced by expanded self-knowledge, team-behaviour, cultural awareness, and systems thinking. Apply to the course in Healthcare Leadership. In this course we are focusing on how to grow your creative and critical thinking skills required of successful leadership and effecting organizational change. These competences support the Sustainable Development Goals (SDG); 3,4,5,8,9,10,12 and 16. Arcada, with its wide Nordic network and long experience of leadership in the social and healthcare sector, is a self-evident home for studies combining healthcare and leadership from a Nordic perspective. The common Nordic landscape for future healthcare arrangements offers us a dynamic and interesting starting point for learning and exploring different best practices. We offer a flexible online course which enables you to work alongside your studies. With several years of experience of delivering degrees online, you can rest assured that the online tuition at Arcada is of high quality. All lectures, coaching and assignments are handled online. Lectures will usually be held on Tuesdays 15:00–17:00. 31.10.2023, 15-17 7.11.2023, 15-17 14.11.2023, 15-17 21.11.2023, 15-17 28.11.2022, 15-17 12.12.2023, 15-18 Healthcare Leadership closing seminar Principal Lecturer in Health Care E-mail: jonas.danielson@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 428 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Healthcare Leadership Price 150 € + 0% VAT Delivery method Online Language English Scope 10 ECTS Course dates 31.10.2023-12.12.2023 Last application date 16.10.2023 Entry requirements A bachelor degree and at least two years work experience gained after completing the higher education degree. Leadership Sustainability, ethics and technology Collective sensemaking report for your critical awareness of knowledge issues in healthcare leadership and in the interface between different fields in the Nordic healthcare sector explain different leadership theories and discuss and evaluate them from a critical and reflective scientific manner as the basis for original thinking identify trends and select suitable data in order to enhance interprofessional teamwork and development. interpret your skills and techniques for leadership that will help you tackle today's complex challenges by navigating ambiguity, collaborating across diversity, and maintaining momentum with optimism and evidence express specialized knowledge in the healthcare leadership field that foster your original thinking. explain your self-reflective understanding and your behavior in order to build, guide and empower teams for further Nordic healthcare sector discuss your personal and authentic leadership style that enhances collaboration and communications in complex healthcare settings. critically acknowledge and appraise your own development challenges Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Nordic healthcare in transition Further education / Social and healthcare Breadcrumb Apply here! The course During this course you will learn how to: After completing this course you will be able to: Research Methodology Arcada – a window to the Nordics Flexible and completely online Timetable (online lectures) Are you curious about the Nordic healthcare system and the current research in the field? This course introduces you to Nordic sustainable healthcare and why it is considered to be top class in the world. Apply to the course in Nordic healtcare in transition. In this course we will examine best practice examples, ideas and solutions from the Nordic healthcare model that can be implemented anywhere. You will learn to recognize current and historic trends and events that influence Nordic healthcare. You will also be familiarized with evidence-based management and discusses about the transition from theory to practice in Nordic healthcare settings. The way Nordic healthcare operates is an expression of the Nordic way of life; our culture, our politics and legislation. Hence, a Nordic culture module will be included in this course. These competences support the following Sustainable Development Goals (SDG): 3,4,5,8,9,10,12 and 16. Discuss with 2-3 different stakeholders in Nordic countries regarding the development of country-specific healthcare pathways. The course also includes a section of Research Methodology where you will learn how to; Arcada, with its wide Nordic network and long experience of leadership in the social and healthcare sector, is a self-evident home for studies combining healthcare and leadership from a Nordic perspective. The common Nordic landscape for future healthcare arrangements offers us a dynamic and interesting starting point for learning and exploring different best practices. We offer a flexible online courses which enables you to work alongside your studies. With several years of experience of delivering degrees online, you can rest assured that the online tuition at Arcada is of high quality. All lectures, coaching and assignments are handled online. Lectures will usually be held on Tuesdays 15:00–17:00. 5.9.2023, 15-17, LNH - Kick off meeting / Introduction 12.9.2023, 15-17, Sustainable Healthcare - module kick-off 19.9.2023, 15-17, Nordic Healthcare in transition – Academic writing 26.9.2023, 15-17, Nordic Healthcare in transition 3.10.2023, 15-17 Research Methodology – Information seeking with the library 10.10.2023, 15-17, Nordic Healthcare in transition 17.10.2022, 15-17, Research Methodology 24.10.2023, 15-17, Sustainable Healthcare module - closing seminar 25.10.2023, 15-17, Sustainable Healthcare module - closing seminar Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Nordic healthcare in transition Price 225 € + 0% VAT Delivery method Online Language English Scope 10 ECTS Course dates 05.09.2023-25.10.2023 Last application date 25.08.2023 Entry requirements A bachelor degree and at least two years work experience gained after completing the higher education degree Identify and illuminate different touch points that influence decision making and routines in healthcare. Take responsibility for communicating these issues on a societal level. Collaborate with different kinds of people in the study and work community and in other groups and networks, taking in to account community and ethical aspects. Demonstrate and discuss different Nordic healthcare solutions and evaluate their pros and cons Describe the transition from theory to practice in Nordic Healthcare Show understanding of the Nordic welfare model and the coordination of healthcare in the Nordic countries. Communicate healthcare solutions for a broad audience Discuss with 2-3 different stakeholders in Nordic countries regarding the development of country-specific healthcare pathways. Foster and understand research methodology and describe different research designs used in healthcare research. Compare and discuss research and projects in Nordic healthcare in order to understand how alternative scenarios are built for the future. Show open-mindedness and curiosity towards different Nordic healthcare and research initiatives. Understand, consider, apply and promote research ethics and comply with ethically sustainable research practice Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Arcada x Alumni - how sustainable do you live and work? 22.11.2023 16:30-19:00 - Arcada campus Programme: The autumn's big alumni event Arcada x Alumni – how sustainable do you live and work? will be held on Wednesday 22.11 at 16.30-19.00 at Arcada. Do not miss out! The alumni event of autumn 2023 “Arcada x Alumni – how sustainable do you live and work?” will soon be here! Come join us on Wednesday 22.11.2023 at 16.30–19.00 at Arcada University of Applied Sciences (UAS). Sign up for the event here. Arcada x Alumni – how sustainable do you live and work? The alumni event looks at sustainability from an environmental perspective and offers you models, thoughts and solutions for sustainable routines both at work and at home. Warmly welcome! 16.30 Doors are opened17.00–17.05 Welcome – Rector Mona Forsskåhl17.05–17.30 Key note: Sustainability for real: How sustainable are you and your workplace? Erica Scott, M.Sc. in Strategic Leadership for Sustainable Development With over a decade of experience, Erica has been at the forefront of shaping a greener, more sustainable future. She is currently working as a project leader and specialist at Arcada, supporting SMEs in Southern Finland with green transition. Erica has worked with community development from a systemic and strategic sustainability perspective. She is a true star within the field! 17.30–18.15 Workshops in sustainability from two different perspectives – one for companies and one for individuals (both in English and Swedish)18.15–19.00 Mingle and snacks Welcome to Arcada's yearly big alumni event! During this bilingual alumni event you will meet alumni from all educational fields, students and staff. You will be inspired by a theme connected to the UAS’s values or priorities in our goals for 2030. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Arcada TopUp Nursing Breadcrumb Quick links Programme outline Language studies Current partners IN4Growth Global Ventures Pvt. Ltd. Fintrust Services Nordic Ceylonians Contact Pamela Gray Arcada currently offers several different paths for foreign educated nurses for upskilling through our top-up programmes. We collaborate with institutions and consulting services worldwide to offer sustainable and ethical programmes for foreign educated nurses to gain the skills and prerequisites for a successful integration in Finnish workplaces and society. Skilled nurses are in high demand on the Finnish labour market. To ensure the availability of skilled nurses, Arcada is offering a TopUp nursing programme. Our TopUp upskilling programme offers an ethical, cost efficient and sustainable path for foreign educated nurses to fulfill Finnish requirements. Students are awarded a Bachelor of Healthcare Degree (Nursing) upon completion of their TopUp studies. This means that they will meet EU Nursing requirements. The programme is aimed at upskilling foreign educated nurses who have As upskilling builds on previous competencies and education each student will have an individual study plan. General outline of studies include modules covering: Courses include both online and on-campus lectures, individual reading assignments, workshops, case-based exercises, simulations. The students will also use the Arcada Patient Safety and Learning Centre (APSLC) as this provides an active simulation-based environment where theory and practice are combined. Through simulation-based training students learn to handle high-risk situations and special equipment, while at the same time improving their Finnish language, critical thinking, and leadership and teamwork skills. Extensive language training is important and a strong focus on professional communication in healthcare is needed. Therefore Arcada offers a minimum of 20 ECTS of Finnish language studies. Arcada also offers a beginners course (level A1) in Swedish. If you are a nurse from any of these regions wishing to relocate to Finland please contact one of our partners for more information on how to make this happen. For India and Nepal Sanju Lokesh +91 76191 28155sanju@in4growth.global For Egypt, Middle East and North Africa MENA region Amira Attallah+201032164798+358413141963info@fintrust.fiFinntrust website For Sri Lanka Tyronne Jayanath Premasiri+358406643530ceyloniansinnordic@gmail.com Visit website: Nordic Ceylonians Please don't hesitate to get in touch if you or your organisation is interested in comissioning a programme. Director of International programs and non-European partnerships E-mail: pamela.gray@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 575 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Services Continuing Education Arcada TopUp Nursing Programme outline Language studies Current partners Contact a bachelor's degree in Nursing completed outside of Finland, several years of work experience as a nurse and intermediate skills in Finnish (minimum A2 level). Finnish Nursing Competencies Finnish Nursing Practice Practical training (completed in Finland) Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Practical training – a direct link to working life Breadcrumb Quick links Targeted learning Do you want to offer practical training? The supervisor Get the most out of the practical training period Feedback is a key element for a successful practical training Contact to the university Practical training is what makes a university of applied sciences (UAS) degree unique. At Arcada, all bachelor programmes have practical training periods as an integrated part of the degree. Everyone who studies with us gets a direct connection to their own industry and puts theory into practice by going out into working life already during their studies. The practical training allows students to apply their knowledge and skills while building networks and contacts. In the best case scenario, the practical training period opens up opportunities for employment and collaboration at a later stage of their studies when they complete their degree project. A practical training period is a guided and goal-oriented learning experience that allows students to develop their professional knowledge and constitutes a study section that is assessed as pass or fail. During the internship, students have the opportunity to both perform work and observe others.Just as all our programmes have their own profile, the practical training periods are very different in the various sectors. Both the length and the proportion of practical training within the different programmea vary greatly. However, a common feature of all practical training is that there is always a responsible teacher at the UAS and usually a supervisor in the workplace. At Arcada, practical training periods are included as an element of the studies in all Bachelor's degree programmes. Therefore, a network of partners in different sectors of society is central for both our students and us. When you offer practical training to one of our students, you provide an opportunity to develop and refine the knowledge practised in theory or in a simulation environment. At the same time, you and your organisation will make valuable connections with tomorrow's experts and learn about the latest developments in your field. Hosting a trainee usually requires a workplace supervisor who takes responsibility for the trainee and their learning. In addition, the health and social care sector have specific requirements for the supervisor, as the supervisor should always represent the profession of the specific practical training period. The supervisor is a professional in his/her field who introduces and guides the trainee in the work of the unit or workplace. Their role is to support the trainee's professional development and learning process during the traineeship and to inspire and motivate them.On this page you will find tips and advice on how to effectively supervise your trainee. Here are some basic tips for a successful traineeship. Draw up a practical training agreement and ask for the trainee's approved plan with objectives for the practical training. The practical training plan is the basis for the supervision and evaluation. In some fields, separate agreements are rarely made, but there are clear directives on content that serve as a guideline for the practical training. You are a key player even before the start of the practical training. To ensure that the trainee has the best possible introduction to the job and workplace, it is important that the whole work community is well prepared. Even before the trainee starts, tell them about the trainees role and when they start. Also remember to tell them about your role as a supervisor and what it entails. It is good to have a clear plan before the start of the practical training. Consider the following when planning: The practical training may include parts that are of particular interest to the trainee, but also other content that the supervisor knows is relevant to the experience and learning. It is good for the trainee to learn that the work often consists of routine tasks, but they should also gain experience of as many different tasks as possible in the workplace. During the practical training, the trainee participates in a wide range of activities at the place of work. The tasks are as varied as possible and are carried out both under staff supervision and independently. As the practical training is also intended to provide a first insight into working life and the functioning of a work community, it is important to invite the trainee to participate in different contexts, both formal and informal meetings. As a supervisor, you have an important responsibility to inform the trainee about the rules and possible risks in the workplace. The trainee should receive regular guidance, feedback and feedback on their performance throughout the traineeship. Remember to: Immediate feedback on their work in everyday situations helps the trainee to assess their performance and interaction skills. Ideally, it also provides an opportunity to think differently and find different solutions. Be prepared to answer questions and receive feedback. Feel free to also involve other colleagues in supporting the trainee. Not all feedback has to come from you directly, but it can come from others who were present and participated in the work during the day. Just as important as giving feedback is listening to the trainee's questions and being prepared to receive ideas and suggestions. All questions are allowed, which may require patience on your part as some things may seem obvious to you. Keep in touch with Arcada and the teacher responsible for the practical training. The teacher responsible for the practical training should ensure that you receive sufficient information. There is always a responsible teacher at Arcada. The teacher in charge is also your contact person and the person you can turn to in case of uncertainty. Typical cases where you should always contact the responsible teacher are: It is important that problems are resolved as soon as possible. For this to happen, it is important that you contact your manager immediately and that you contact the responsible teacher at the university. After that, it is important that both parties are heard. Once the cause of the problem has been identified, an action plan is drawn up to resolve the situation. The overall assessment of the practical training is based on the objectives of the study section, the competences within the area of sudy and the nature of the practical training. The purpose of the evaluation is to support the trainee in their personal and professional development and to assess the impact of their work, their working methods and their own activities. In several fields, the practical training is approved on the basis of a report in which the student is asked to evaluate his/her own learning, the benefits in relation to the studies. The format of the report varies from sector to sector. The main purpose of the assessment is to support the trainee's future learning. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Collaborate with us Practical training Targeted learning Do you want to offer practical training? The supervisor Get the most out of the practical training period The length of the placement. How the trainee will fit into the work community. The main objectives of the placement. Tasks that fulfil the objectives. The tasks need to be: varied and versatile, at an appropriate level of demand, achievable under guidance/supervision, and involve observing the work of others. varied and versatile, at an appropriate level of demand, achievable under guidance/supervision, and involve observing the work of others. Reserve time for meetings with the trainee so that they are achievable in the context of your other duties. Possible salary, collective agreements, etc. Provide tasks that offer opportunities for development. Not leave the trainee alone without a stated/defined task. Be encouraging and make room for tasks where the trainee can experience success. Give responsibility - start small and let it gradually grow. Intervene if there is cause for concern or if the trainee's attitude raises questions. Expect punctuality and adherence to agreements. Encourage, encourage, encourage. Remember that you are also conveying attitude, emotions and motivation. Give constructive and honest feedback on each task In fields, such as nursing and health care, where a final discussion is to be organised, it is important to reserve enough time for it. Ask the trainee to contact the responsible teacher to agree on participation in the feedback session. if the trainee becomes ill and is away from the internship site for a longer period of time if the trainee's attitude or behaviour raises questions if you feel uncertain about something related to the supervision or the tasks the trainee should perform if you want to discuss other issues related to the internship. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Introduction Days 2023 23-28.08.2023 09:00-19:00 - Yrkeshögskolan Arcada Timetable The Introduction days are arranged on campus 23–28 August 2023. Students will receive more information about the start of their studies via their email. The Academic Year 2023–2024 begins 1 August 2023. The introduction days, that are arranged for all new students, take place on campus starting 23 August 2023. Welcome! 23.8.2023 Introduction to studies in Finland and Arcada, international bachelor students 24.8.2023 Introduction to studies, all bachelor students 25.8.2023 Introduction to studies, all bachelor students 28.8.2023 Introduction to studies, master students. Are you a new student starting your studies in August? You can read more about the introduction days and the timetable on the study guide Start . Remember to also keep an eye on your email, since important updates can be sent to you during the summer. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu AI embraced: the future of the culture and creative sector - ENCATC Congress 2023 11-13.10.2023 09:00-14:00 - Helsinki and online Arcada welcomes you to the congress Artificial Intelligence Embraced: The Future of the Culture and Creative Sector on 11-13 October 2023 in Helsinki (Arcada one of the days) or online. Arcada, as one of the main partners, and The European Network on Cultural Management and Policy, ENCATC , invites educators, researchers, cultural professionals, policy makers, artists and students to join its annual congress under the theme “Artificial Intelligence Embraced: The Future of the Culture and Creative Sector”. How is AI impacting the sector? How will AI change cultural policy, management, education and research? How can we profit from it and grow with it? These are some of the key questions ENCATC will tackle in its upcoming congress from a multidisciplinary and cross-sectorial perspective. Featuring keynote speakers, panel discussions, workshops, and networking sessions with leading experts in the field, participants will gain a comprehensive understanding of AI and its potential for transforming policy approaches, management, research and education in the field of culture. Arcada's Leonardo Espinosa Leal is one of the experts giving his view on AI in the culture and creative sector. The three day congress is held at different venues and online. Day two of the congress is held at Arcada. Full information on the 2023 Congress Website with programme and registration. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Nursing TopUp Education / Social and healthcare Breadcrumb Apply to the Nursing TopUp programme Programme What you will learn How to apply Tuition fees and scholarships Structure of studies Contact us about the programme Admissions Services Terese Sjölund Arcada's Nursing TopUp degree programme is aimed at you who already have a previous Nursing education completed outside of Finland, work experience in the field, as well as Finnish and English language skills. The application is open 24 July–4 August 2025. The “Apply” button is visible below during the application period. For more information on how to apply, please visit our Application pages. You are also welcome to contact Admissions Services. The Nursing TopUp programme offers internationally educated nurses the possibility of obtaining a Finnish Bachelor of Health Care, 210 ECTS, in approximately one year. This is possible through accreditation of former studies, practical training and work experience up to the extent of 150 ECTS, leaving to study the remaining credits that have a specific focus on EU and Finnish competencies. Courses are built on a multiform principle. Methods used in this format may include lectures (online and in-house), individual reading assignments, workshops, case-based exercises, simulations, web-based courses, real-life projects and work practise. The Arcada Patient Safety and Learning Centre (APSLC) provides an active simulation-based environment where theory and practice are combined. Through simulation-based training students learn to handle high-risk situations and special equipment, while at the same time improving their Finnish language, critical thinking, leadership, and teamwork skills. A broad spectrum of difficult crisis and accident situations can be recreated in this simulation environment, which is safe and secure, easily adjustable and realistic. The TopUp programme is taught in English, but please note that language skills in Finnish are necessary to complete work practice periods. As a student in the Nursing TopUp programme, you will focus on gaining the following competencies, but from a Finnish perspective: Please visit the Application pages for all the information on how to apply. Please note that applicants from countries outside the European Union/EEA are required to pay tuition fees. Learn more on our Application pages. All students enrolled in the programme are expected to have a laptop they can use in their studies. Familiarise yourself with an example of the structure of studies. We answer anything related to admission and application. E-mail: admissions@arcada.fi Degree Programme Director, Nursing TopUp E-mail: terese.sjolund@arcada.fi Phone number: 040 482 82 73 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Bachelor's degree programmes TopUp Nursing Degree title Bachelor of Health Care Delivery method Hybrid Level Bachelor's programme Language English Scope 210 ECTS Education duration 1 year Entry requirements This programme is for you who have a previous Nursing education that is completed outside of Finland, a minimum of two years relevant work experience gained during the last seven years, and upper basic level (A2) skills in Finnish. Programme What you will learn How to apply Tuition fees and scholarships Structure of studies Contact us about the programme Professional engagement competence Clinical care competence Health promoting competence Learning and Tutoring competence Nursing ethics competence Interprofessional work and safety culture Leadership and decision-making compete Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Life as an entrepreneur 26.10.2023 17:00-20:00 - Arcada Programme Don't miss out on this exciting opportunity to explore the world of entrepreneurship together with Arcada alumni and students! This event will provide a unique opportunity to dive into entrepreneurship through interviews and discussions with accomplished entrepreneurs. Welcome to join us for an evening of inspiration, insights, and genuine stories from Arcada entrepreneurs on Thursday 26 October at 17-20 on the Big Square, Arcada University of Applied Sciences, Helsinki. The event is organised by Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub. Please sign up here no later than 20.10.2023. 17.00 In-Depth Interviews á 15 minutes Successful Arcada entrepreneurs share their entrepreneurial paths and experiences. Robin Bade, eBrands Global Arcada alumnus 2003, Business Administration Nina Brännkärr-Friberg, Project liv Alumna of the year 2023, Production Management Mathias Dahlqvist, Nordic Sales crew Founder of Arcada Entrepreneurship Society 2013 Sebastian Kvissberg, Cleandrink Arcada alumnus 2014, Business Administration Linda Puukko, TFW Vantaa Arcada alumna 2007, Business Administration 18.15 Panel Discussion The panel of young entrepreneurs share their personal stories, challenges, and lessons learned. Shaker Halabeya, Fit&Social Arcada student, International Business Kevin Kainulainen, Dash Coffee Arcada alumnus 2019, Business Administration Stefanie Kirilova, stiifi.com Arcada alumna 2017, International Business Moderators: Mahika Raj and Maryama Moalim, Arcada students and former participants in the Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub programme 19.00 Networking and refreshments Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu My Future Work 2024 17.01.2024 10:00-13:00 - Big Square My Future Work 2024 Maria Jurvelius Arcadas recruitment and networking event My Future Work offers you and your organisation a great opportunity to meet the experts of the future. Register by 15.12.2023. Do you need extra help or a new team member? By participating in My Future Work, you reach out to our students and create new contacts. On Wednesday 17th January 2024 at 10.00–13.00 students, employers and education experts gather at Arcada's Big Square. During the day you can network and present your recruitment needs to our students. Prices (excl. VAT): Register by 15.12.2023. If you have any questions, please contact Maria Jurvelius: Key Account Manager E-mail: maria.jurvelius@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 746 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Private sector 400 euros Public and third sector 300 euros Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Street Photography Further education / Culture and media Breadcrumb Marika Blomster Do you want to explore your neighbourhood and capture moments through your camera lens? Do you have good camera skills and have already been taking pictures for longer time but want to develop your personal narrative? Broaden your technique with our street photography course. Together we explore and learn how to evoke emotions, create different moods and portray everyday life. During the course you will develop your ability to work with street photography in a systematic, innovative and ethical way. We focus on street photography as documentary art where both you and your subject are in real situations in public places. You will get to know different styles and pioneers within them, while through varying assignments you will independently produce photographs within given genres and themes. The course is conducted in Swedish. Read more about the course on our page in Swedish! Foto: John Grönvall Foto: John Grönvall Foto: John Grönvall Further Education Planner E-mail: marika.blomster@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 505 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Gatufotografering Price 75 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada Language Swedish Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 09.04.2025-28.05.2025 Last application date 16.03.2025 Entry requirements Camera skills and access to own post production of the images. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Job Sprint – How to build your personal brand on LinkedIn 31.10.2023 16:00-17:30 - Career Centre, Arcada What are the elements of a strong LinkedIn summary? We are excited to invite you to the second session of Job Sprint – How to build your personal brand on LinkedIn networking session on 31 October. By attending this event, you will gain the skills and knowledge needed to boost your professional presence on LinkedIn. This event will empower you to make the most of your personal brand on the world's largest professional network. We are excited to invite you to the second session of Job Sprint – How to build your personal brand on LinkedIn networking session on 31 October with our guest speaker Rahul Pardasani, Talent Acquisition Lead at Carbo Culture: Rahul Pardasani has a background in Media and Social Impact projects. He transitioned into Talent Acquisition when he was leading a program supporting immigrants to find jobs in the Nordic startup ecosystem. This is your chance to build your LinkedIn profile with the help of a talent acquisition professional. During this Job Sprint session you will get tips on how to build your personal brand on LinkedIn. By attending this event, you will gain the skills and knowledge needed to boost your professional presence on LinkedIn. The event is free of charge but a pre-registration by 29 October is required.Please read more register to the event here. When? Tuesday 31 October 2023 at 16:00–17:30 Where? Career Centre, Arcada, Jan-Magnus Janssons plats 1, 00560 Helsingfors Welcome! The Career Centre Team Save the date! Our following Job Sprint networking session will be on 14 November. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Non-Stop Course: Compassion at Work Further education / Culture and media / Business / Sports / Social and healthcare / Technology Breadcrumb Compassion at Work About the course After completing the course you Contact us about the course Jan Nåls Lotta Eronen Compassion is vital for the success and well-being of individuals and organisations alike. In this non-stop online course we will look at the theory and practice of compassion in different work contexts, and learn how to be compassionate to ourselves and others. Application to the course opens 20.8.2025! With this course you will increase your knowledge of compassion at work both in your own field and others. You will develop a mindset that is sensitive to the needs of others and self with regard to compassion and emotional labor. During the course you will also gain practical skills that will help you in becoming a compassionate co-worker and contribute to compassionate working environments. This course is a non-stop online course that you can complete in your own pace. The course consists of two parts; the first part is an introduction to basic theory and concepts relating to compassion in the workplace. In the second part you produce a personal video testimony that recounts a personal experience and observation of compassion. Principal Lecturer in Media Culture E-mail: jan.nals@arcada.fi Phone number: 050 521 76 47 Senior Lecturer in Health Care E-mail: lotta.eronen@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 683 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Compassion at Work Price 0 € + 0% VAT Delivery method Online Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates Non-stop course Last application date 31.12.2025 have gained a theoretical as well as practical understanding of the main concepts: compassion, empathy, sympathy, ethics, and empathy fatigue can analyse everyday situations, life domains, and work contexts where compassion is needed demonstrate increased awareness of the important role of compassion at work from three distinct perspectives: for one's own well-being, for the well-being of others, as well as for organisations learn to appreciate the benefits of learning from the best practices of other professions can understand why compassion can be taxing on an individual and what emotional labor is can understand what emotion regulation is and know of emotion regulation techniques and coping strategies to help sustain one´s own well-being can reflect on the ethical aspects of situations where compassion is needed can understand your personal experiences of compassion in relation to theoretical knowledge and the experiences from other professions Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Arcada's whistleblowing channel Breadcrumb In accordance with the Finnish Whistleblowing Act, Arcada has established a reporting channel through which it is possible to report suspicions of misconduct at Arcada in work-related contexts. The legislation provides the whistleblower with protection against retaliation and unfavourable treatment. Reports can be made by Arcada's current and former employees, job applicants, interns and other persons who have or have had a connection to Arcada in work-related contexts. Through the whistleblowing channel, you can report suspicions of crime, misdemeanours and abuse at Arcada in the following areas: The channel is not inteded for matters related to, among other things, employment relationships, internal conflicts, occupational safety, research ethics issues, studies at Arcada and general feedback. These matters have their own processes and are not covered by the Whistleblowing Act. The cases are further assigned within Arcada in accordance with the separate processes of each category. Reports should be made honestly and in good faith. Misusing the channel for the purpose of harming or intentionally making false accusations or providing false information may result in further action. Reports can be made in your own name or anonymously. When the application is made in the applicant's own name, Arcada notifies the whistlblower when the processing of the case begins and when it has been concluded. The whistleblower may be asked to answer additional questions. However, Arcada cannot always provide information about the consequences for the person(s) who are the subject of the report, for example, consequences relating to employment relations can only be communicated to the parties of the employment relationship. In the case of an anonymous report, the whistleblower is not separately informed of the stages of the processing and the measures taken. Arcada's whistleblowing channel is provided by an external supplier. The reports are processed at Arcada by the head of security and the legal counsel. These persons have a duty of confidentiality and an obligation to protect the identity of the whistleblower also when the further processing of the matter requires the involvement of other persons in the investigation. Make a report via Arcada's whistleblowing channel . Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Whistleblowing public procurement; financial services, products and markets; prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing; product safety and compliance; transport safety; environmental protection; radiation and nuclear safety; food and feed safety and animal health and welfare; public health under Article 168 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union; consumer protection protection of privacy and personal data, and security of network and information systems. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Whistleblowing channel Breadcrumb Quick links 1. Controller 2. The controller's representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data Protection Officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. Rights of the data subject Information to data subjects in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) articles 13-14. Arcada University of Applied Sciences LtdJan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 1 00560 HelsinkiBusiness ID: 2553871-2 Rector Mona Forsskåhl Tel. 0294 282 600 E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Head of Security David SjöbergTel. 0294 282 606 Legal Counsel Anna Härmä Tel. 0294 282 888 E-mail addresses in the form firstname.surname@arcada.fi Data Protection Officer, Legal Counsel Anna HärmäTel. 0294 282 888E-mail address in the form firstname.surname@arcada.fi Through Arcada’s whistleblowing channel, Arcada’s current and former employees, job applicants, interns and other persons who have or have had a connection to Arcada in work-related contexts can report suspicions of misconduct at Arcada University of Applied Sciences. Personal data is processed to enable the receipt and processing of reports. The processing of personal data is based on a legal obligation in accordance with the Finnish Whistleblowing Act. In the register, personal data provided by the notifier in the report as well as personal data generated during the processing of the report is processed. The data may concern, for example, the whistleblower, the person who has been reported and the witnesses of the reported events. Sensitive personal data shall not be included in the report nor be processed in the system. The whistleblower may, if they wish, submit the report anonymously. All material related to the report will be deleted within five years of receiving the report, unless it is necessary to retain the data for a longer period of time in order to fulfil legal rights or obligations or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. Personal data that is clearly irrelevant to the processing of the report will be deleted without undue delay. Falcony – whistleblowing channel The information in the register is obtained from the notifier. Data is also obtained in connection with the processing of the report, for example, from persons who are heard in connection with the report. Personal data may be disclosed to authorities in situations where Arcada has a legal obligation to report violations or in which continued investigation of reported cases requires cooperation with authorities. Personal data concerning the whistleblower is not disclosed when the report is covered by the provisions of the Finnish Whistleblowing Act. Personal data is not transferred outside the EU or the EEA. Material in electronic format is stored in IT systems and on computers that are protected from unauthorized use with security measures including firewalls and passwords. Only persons appointed by Arcada have access to the system. These persons are bound by a duty of confidentiality and the obligation to protect the identity of the whistleblower also when the further processing of the matter requires the involvement of other persons in the investigation. Automated decisions and profiling are not made based on personal data within the register. Information about the rights of the data subject can be found here. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Privacy notices Whistleblowing 1. Controller 2. The controller's representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data Protection Officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. Rights of the data subject Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Case register Breadcrumb Quick links 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Information to the data subject in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) articles 13-14. Arcada University of Applied Sciences LtdJan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiBusiness ID: 2553871-2 Adminstrative and HR director Susanne Homén-Lindberg Tel. 0294 282 609 E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Information management specialist Heidi Träskelin Tel. 050 302 23 84 E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Data Protection Officer, Legal Counsel Anna HärmäTel. 0294 282 888E-mail address dataprotection@arcada.fi The purpose of processing personal data in the register is to enable the management of the organisation's matters and documents, decision-making in official activities, information services and the electronic storage of documents. Personal data is used to identify the principals and the matters and documents being processed. The contact information register is used to manage the contact information of contracting parties. According to section 25 of the Act on Information Management in Public Administration (906/2019), the university is obliged to maintain a case register of cases that it processes or has processed. The processing of personal data is based, depending on the case in question, on The case management system processes personal data of varying nature depending on the case in question. The data is stored in accordance with the retention periods defined in Arcada University of Applied Sciences' information management plan (TOS). The retention periods for the university's documents have been defined in accordance with current legislation, the National Archives' regulations and the recommendations of the Information Management Board. A document whose retention period has expired is destroyed without delay, taking into account data security. Case Managenment System Dynasty 10.3, Information Management System TOJ, Digital Archive The case management system collects information from incoming and outgoing documents and information on the handling of the case. Sources can be, for example, the initiators of a case, parties to a case, applicants, partners and stakeholders or other public authorities. Data from the register is only disclosed on the basis of a law or an official decision. Personal data is not regularly transferred outside the EU or the EEA without the data subject’s consent. Material in electronic format is stored in IT systems and on computers protected from unauthorized use with security measures including firewalls and passwords. The systems have different user levels, and users are granted access to the data only to the extent the user’s work tasks require. Automated decisions and profiling are not made based on personal data within the register. Information about the data subject's rights can be found here. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Privacy notices Case register 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights the consent of the data subject; a contract; the controller's legal obligation; a task carried out in the public interest or the exercise of public authority; or the legitimate interests of the controller or a third party. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Fintech in the Past, Present and Future Further education / Business Breadcrumb Fintech in the Past, Present and Future In this study unit the focus will be for you to build the following competences: After completing the study unit, you: Course content Course schedule Contact us about the course Marika Blomster Christa Tigerstedt Are you interested in financial services? Are you keen on learning what technologies are playing a crucial part in driving change? Then this course is for you! Apply to the course here! The lectures integrate seminar sessions with guest speakers to get an overview as viewed from the perspective of the financial industry, regulators, startups, investors and academia. Course includes case study elaboration and presentation in-class and autonomous activities Topics: Further Education Planner E-mail: marika.blomster@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 505 Principal Lecturer in Business Administration E-mail: christa.tigerstedt@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 529 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Fintech in the Past, Present and Future Price 75 € + 0% VAT Delivery method Hybrid (on-campus and online) Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 20.02.2025-29.03.2025 Last application date 17.02.2025 Entry requirements A bachelor degree and at least two years work experience gained after completing the higher education degree. Competence in digital transformation of the business landscape Competence in understanding the ongoing change in financial markets, regulation, and financial technology. can discuss new business models and business activities that emerge through changes in legislation and the introduction of new technologies. are aware of the key global trends that are shaping the FinTech business landscape and the Finnish FinTech business landscape (companies operating in FinTech) FinTech legislation and supervision develop your presentation skills. adopt a respectful and polished style of written and spoken communication. develop a sensitivity to cultural differences, especially in conduct and communication Financial technology in the past Financial technology in the present Financial technology in the future February 20, 16.30 - 20.00 February 21, at 16.30-20.00 February 22, at 10.00-13.30 March 27, at 16.30-20.00 March 28, at 16.30-20.00 March 29, at 10.00-13.30 Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Arcada Research Fair 09.04.2024 12:00-16:00 - Big Square & Small auditorium Welcome to the Arcada Research Fair 2024 – an afternoon filled with the latest of our research. Welcome to familiarise yourself with Arcada's broad and deep research activities. Programme: Presentation of the new research programmes, Camilla Wikström-Grotell • Trustworthy AI and big data - Magnus Westerlund• Sustainable health and well-being - Ira Jeglisnky, Jonas Tana• Business economics in the digital society - Niklas Eriksson • Transformative culture and media - Mats Nylund, Jan Nåls, Fred Nordström The impact of research ”Five minutes thesis” by the researchers. Moderator Tomas Träskman Sustainable Health and Wellbeing Circular economy and sustainable energy and material solutions Transformative culture and media Business economics in a digital society Trustworthy AI and Big Data Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Sanna Juvonen, Laurea (in English) Jennica Thylin-Klaus, Svenska Litteratursällskapet (in Swedish) DigiMetku, en app som främjar barn och ungdomars rehabilitering – Ira Jeglinsky-Kankainen Hip dislocation and surgery in children with cerebral palsy – Ira Jeglinsky-Kankainen Reliability and Validity of Markerless Computer Vision for Measuring Hip and Knee Range of Motion – Thomas Hellsten, Jonny Karlsson, Jyrki Kettunen Remote physiotherapy in Finland - suitability, usability and factors affecting its use – Thomas Hellsten, Jyrki Kettunen Validation of the Finnish version of Caregiver Priorities and Child Health Index of Life with Disabilities – Noor Hussein Baltic Reed for novel biomaterials – Laura Montin, Paula Linderbäck, Rasmus Björkvall Acid sulfate soil mapping using machine learning – Virgina Estévez-Nuño Compassion Revolution – Jan Nåls Media Intelligence Laboratory – Mats Nylund, Petri Honkanen DigiMatNorden – Niklas Eriksson Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub - an inclusive pre-incubator and incubator of the future – Linn Hongell Integration of International Students - Linn Hongell Linking Strategy to Tactical Planning - Henrik Nyman TAIS (Trustworthy AI Systems) – Leonardo Espinosa Leal, Christa Tigerstedt, Eva Edgren, Dennis Biström, Kristoffer Kuvaja Adolfsson Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu STE2024: 21st International Conference on Smart Technologies & Education 06-08.03.2024 09:00-16:00 - Arcada STE 2024 is an annual event dedicated to the fundamentals, applications and experiences in the field of Smart Technologies, Online, Remote, and Virtual Engineering, Virtual Instrumentation and other related new technologies More information can be found on the conference website . The conference is held in English. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Closing the loops – CircAgile Spring School 2024 18-20.03.2024 - Arcada and other locations Programme At "Closing the loops – CircAgile Spring School 2024" the participants in the Nordic-Baltic network of higher education Agile Circular Competence Network present the latest advancements in the field. New material use and circularity measures must be adopted to obtain the ambitious goals of EU and Finland, to limit greenhouse gas emissions and to ensure sustainable use of nature's resources. Circular economy aims to be one of the advanced drivers in the transformation for a more sustainable future. The spring school “Closing the loops” will cover themes as composites from algae, forestry bio-mass side streams as a resource, critical raw materials, study visits to labs, and the current best knowledge on LCA and CE indicators application. Circular research and innovation news Some of the speakers on material circularity: Circular labs in Lahti Study visits to laboratories, i.e. Circular economy (textile, plastics, biogas, pyrolysis), Lab on wood, metal etc., Food Pilot Plant. Assessing circularity, LCA and CE indicators Experts presenting the latest on LCA and CE indicators, comparing strengths and weaknesses, and practical examples of applications of LCA and CE analysis. Please register to the event here (deadline for registration 14 March). Read more about the Agile Circular Competence Network project here. The spring school is organised in cooperation with University of Latvia, University of Borås, LAB UAS, Nordplus and Invenire. Please contact Erica Scott for more information. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Key note speaker Zaida Ortega, Associate Professor, Universidad de Las Palmas de Gran Canaria – “Natural fibers and circularity” Ruta Ozola-Davidane, University of Latvia – “Critical raw materials. Phosphorous removal and recovery technologies” Maris Klavins, University of Latvia – “Non-timber forest products and forestry biomass side streams as a resource: towards circular bioeconomy” Joel Lindholm, Under Ytan – “Cultivating algae in the Baltic as a circular raw material” Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu My competencies Breadcrumb Requirement notice How strong are your skills? Which attributes describe you the best? How strong are they? Which attributes describe you the best? How strong are they? The tool helps you to identify your skills and personal qualities. It does not give calculated results on how you are as a person, but you can get an insight into your strengths and areas of development. You can also get an overview of your skills. The tool allows you to increase your self-awareness, which helps you set goals for your studies and your career. Tick the competencies that feel relevant to you and pull the slider so that the value corresponds to your skills. We wish that everyone fills in the base knowledge, but you can choose which of the other ones you want to fill in. This tool requires that you enable Javascript. Soft skills, such as social skills, critical thinking, adaptability and organizational skills, can not be measured. They are universal abilities that are needed and can be transferred into different industries. Personal attributes describe you as a person and how you function in different contexts. Remember that there are no good or bad attributes! Hard skills is knowledge you have gained through education, training or theory and can often be measured or evaluated. Would you like to discuss your results and exchange ideas with a counsellor? Then print or save your results as a PDF and bring it to the appointment. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Services Career Centre My competencies Base knowledge Licenses Soft skills Personal attributes Logical Interest in new things Creative interest Social interest Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Social and health care services for future societies - Structure of Studies Breadcrumb Quick links Professional studies 45 ECTS Research studies 45 ECTS For the latest information about the curriculum, we recommend that you reach out to the Degree Programme Director. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Master's degree programmes Structure of Studies Professional studies 45 ECTS Research studies 45 ECTS Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Healthcare Leadership - Structure of Studies Breadcrumb Quick links Professional studies 60 ECTS Research studies 30 ECTS For the latest information about the curriculum, we recommend that you reach out to the Degree Programme Director. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Master's degree programmes Healthcare Leadership Structure of Studies Professional studies 60 ECTS Research studies 30 ECTS Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu International Business Management - Structure of Studies Breadcrumb Quick links Professional studies 60 ECTS Research studies 30 ECTS For the latest information about the curriculum, we recommend that you reach out to the Degree Programme Director. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Master's degree programmes Structure of Studies Professional studies 60 ECTS Research studies 30 ECTS Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Media management - Structure of Studies Breadcrumb Quick links Professional studies 25 ECTS Development studies 5 ECTS Research studies 30 ECTS The curriculum shown is an example and might not fully match your actual studies. For the latest details, contact the Degree Programme Director. Please also note that you are expected to bring your own laptop to campus for carrying out your studies. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Master's degree programmes Media Management Structure of Studies Professional studies 25 ECTS Development studies 5 ECTS Research studies 30 ECTS Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Machine Intelligence and Data Science - Structure of Studies Breadcrumb Quick links Professional studies 30 ECTS Research studies 30 ECTS The curriculum shown is an example and might not fully match your actual studies. For the latest details, contact the Degree Programme Director. Please also note that you are expected to bring your own laptop to campus for carrying out your studies. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Master's degree programmes MIND Structure of Studies Professional studies 30 ECTS Research studies 30 ECTS Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu International Business - Structure of Studies Breadcrumb Quick links General education studies 15 ECTS Professional studies 135 ECTS Practical training 30 ECTS Development studies 30 ECTS Research studies 30 ECTS The curriculum shown is an example and might not fully match your actual studies. For the latest details, contact the Degree Programme Director. Please also note that you are expected to bring your own laptop to campus for carrying out your studies. Upon completion of this module, if you have a Finnish educational background, you are expected to be able to communicate in both domestic languages, as well as in English. Additionally, you are expected to fulfil the competence requirements, according to the law (424/2003, 6§), for public sector employees. You can function professionally in different language situations within your area of expertise. You are able to adjust your language appropriately to various communicative situations and have the tools and ability to develop your communicative skills. Instead of the courses Swedish for Beginners I-II, you shall complete: Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Bachelor's degree programmes International Business Structure of Studies General education studies 15 ECTS Professional studies 135 ECTS Practical training 30 ECTS Development studies 30 ECTS Research studies 30 ECTS Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering - Structure of Studies Breadcrumb Quick links General education studies 15 ECTS Professional studies 165 ECTS Development studies 30 ECTS Research studies 30 ECTS The curriculum shown is an example and might not fully match your actual studies. For the latest details, contact the Degree Programme Director. Please also note that you are expected to bring your own laptop to campus for carrying out your studies. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Bachelor's degree programmes Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering Structure of Studies General education studies 15 ECTS Professional studies 165 ECTS Development studies 30 ECTS Research studies 30 ECTS Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Energy and environmental engineering - Structure of Studies Breadcrumb Quick links General education studies 15 ECTS Professional studies 180 ECTS Development studies 15 ECTS Research studies 30 ECTS For the latest information about the curriculum, we recommend that you reach out to the Degree Programme Director. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Bachelor's degree programmes Structure of Studies General education studies 15 ECTS Professional studies 180 ECTS Development studies 15 ECTS Research studies 30 ECTS Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu International Nurses day 13 May 2024 13.05.2024 12:00-16:00 - Arcada University of Applied Sciences Programme International Nurses Day is celebrated around the world every year, on the anniversary of Florence Nightingale's birth. This year, the theme is set by ICN as "Our nurses. Our future. The economic power of health care." Arcada celebrates this day in the spirit of the theme and would like to welcome students, alumni and partners to this event. The event takes place at Arcada’s campus on 13 May at 12:00-16:00 and is free for everyone. Due to a limited number of seats, please register and ensure your place by using this link . Warmly welcome! 12:00-12:10 Välkommen / Welcome Maria Forss, Akademichef / Dean 12:10-12:40 Vårdens framtid är vår framtid / The future of Care is our future Henrik Wickström, Riksdagsledamot / Member of Parliament 12:40-13:10 “Deep Teamwork/ Antarctica –93C “ Pata Degerman, Upptäcktsresande / Explorer 13.10-13.30 Mörka sidan av resiliens i vårdarbete / The dark side of resilience in nursing Christoffer Ericsson, Utbildningsansvarig, doktorand / Programme Director, PhD student 13:30-14:30 Paus med servering / Break with coffee/tea Mingle @ the Big Square. Stand: Braun, Sjuksköterskeförenigen i Finland, Tehy, the social robots of Arcada, Suomen Sairaanhoitajat r.y, Leardal, Tamro 14:30-14:50 Sairaanhoitaja infektioiden torjunnassa / Nurses in the fight against infections Irma Weijo, Hygieniahoitaja, HUS 14:50-15:10 Vaikuttavaa kivunhoitotyötä HUS Kipuklinikalla / Effective pain management at HUS Kipuklinikka Marika Karppinen, Sairaanhoitaja, HUS Neurokeskus Kipuklinikka 15:10- 15:30 Ennaltaehkäisevä työ lasten ja nuorten parissa / Preventive work among children and adolescent Johanna Ukkonen & Petri Lundahl, Sairaanhoitaja, Humana Avopalvelut Oy 15:30- 16:00 Sjukskötarens värde / The value of Nurses Jonas Tana, Överlärare i Vård, PD / Principal lecturer in Helath Care, PhD Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Annual report 2023 Breadcrumb Main menu Key Figures Financial Report and Annual Review (in Swedish) File File In focus Rector's review 25 years of fellowship at Arcada’s Emergency Care degree programme Five new digitally supported learning and research environments designed for Arcada’s education of the future Research, development and innovation with a sharp focus on sustainability With a focus on the human encounter, the opening of new innovative learning and research environments and increased support services for students, Arcada took on the year 2023. Several important milestones where reached and the year ended with a record number of students graduated. Below you can download the financial report and annual review in Swedish. Find out more about what happened at Arcada during the year by clicking on the links below. Climate, new technologies, artificial intelligence - 2023 was characterised by great global changes that affect every society, and, not least, the youth in them. Arcada is the only higher education institution in Finland that provides paramedic training in Swedish. This year, the UAS celebrates 25 years of training and graduating the highly appreciated paramedic alumni who support emergency care all over Finland and the Nordic countries. The use of artificial intelligence (AI) and technical aids is increasing, and this brings great changes in working life, which also causes a transformation of higher education. Five new digitally supported learning and research environments allow Arcada to guarantee their students the competence to use and develop digital solutions in their own orientations. In 2023 Arcada reached two important milestones within sustainability in research, development and innovation activities. Reed as biomass made its way to our labs and SMEs received support and training for their green transition. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual report 2023 Highlights of 2023 Research, development and innovation with a sharp focus on sustainability Five new digitally supported learning and research environments designed for Arcada’s education of the future 25 years of fellowship at Arcada’s Emergency Care degree programme Rector's review Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu 25 years of fellowship at Arcada’s Emergency Care degree programme Breadcrumb A degree programme and professional role in transition Meaningful contributions to society – while still studying The importance of community Student projects with a social impact in 2023 Media programme Sustainability Robotics Entrepreneurship Well-being and health Arcada is the only higher education institution in Finland that provides paramedic training in Swedish. This year, the UAS celebrates 25 years of training and graduating the highly appreciated paramedic alumni who support emergency care all over Finland and the Nordic countries. Walking into an emergency is an everyday occurrence in the hallways of Arcada’s campus in Helsinki. Usually, there is no need to be frightened – it is only the Arcada paramedic students, in their red workwear, simulating emergencies as part of their education. They have been doing this since 1998, when the first paramedics (or emergency care technicians, as they were known until 2012) began their training at the universities of applied sciences, including Arcada.Then, it was an entirely new profession, says Christoffer Ericsson, Degree Programme Director for the Emergency Care Programme at Arcada. – Before the programme was established, there was nothing called a paramedic, only emergency attendants, and later, emergency medical technicians, who worked in ambulances. We gained inspiration from England and Australia, among other places, and created a new profession, really from the ground up, with only a few courses as a foundation, and that eventually resulted in an HEI emergency medical technician’s qualification. Today, the training lasts four years, and includes nurse training, qualifying the students to register as nurses. Everyone taking the paramedic programme at Arcada therefore gains a nursing diploma, too. Christoffer Ericsson, Degree Programme Director for the Emergency Care Programme at Arcada. The focus of the programme has developed over the years. Initially, the focus was on acute and lifesaving tasks, and students trained for hard and extreme circumstances. –We saw action, pomp, splendour – and lots of drama in the training sessions. We still see that today, of course, because training for that is part of the basic competence of a paramedic. Over the years, however, the focus has increasingly shifted towards the challenges of today, says Ericsson. An increasingly important element in the degree programme is the inclusion of tools given the students to evaluate and cope with patients who do not need acute care, but nonetheless require the services of paramedics. –Social cases, for instance, and psychiatric cases and elderly patients, are patient groups that are more and more common, and that paramedics encounter very often. How to meet them is therefore something that will crop up in the training phase, together with a focus on the wellbeing of the paramedics themselves – both in a physical and a mental sense, Ericsson says. Picture of paramedics training (FV14). The training should keep up with the times and meet current community needs, and to that end collaborative projects are run, with students and important community stakeholders, during the programme.One of them is the Kids Save Lives initiative, where paramedic students and teachers teach comprehensive school teachers CPR, so that they, in turn, can teach their pupils. This has proven efficient in life-threatening situations, when children have learned to act. – Basically, Kids Save Lives, for us, is also about being able to contribute to the community in a meaningful way. Through this project, we have also been able to give our future professionals pedagogic competence and experiences, says Ericsson. Picture of paramedics training in the new ambulance simulator. The strong feeling of community in this profession is a mainstay of wellness in the professional capacity, and it is already developed during the studies. This became apparent this past year, when the paramedics celebrated 25 years of education. and Graduates of nearly all years, from the beginning on, gathered at Arcada in October. Among the recurring themes of the evening were the importance of safety in the workplace, and the feeling of community that continues in the professional career. – It was a great event for cross-boundary networking and an opportunity to see where the professional role came from, and where we are going with the challenges of today, Ericsson recalls. Arcada’s new ambulance simulator was also unveiled as part of the celebrations – a much anticipated addition to the programme that provides even more realistic simulation exercises and will play an important part in training future paramedics. During their studies at Arcada, students have the opportunity to practice their professional skills by participating in various collaborative projects with social benefits, in addition to the compulsory internship and thesis. Here are some examples of projects realised during the year. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual report 2023 25 years of fellowship at Arcada’s Emergency Care degree programme Second-year students from the Online Media programme worked with YLE on a journalistic platform and various concepts for slow TV. First year students of the Online Media programme made films together with Folkhälsan on stress among young people. Through the project React - Strategic Sustainability for Business, students from Arcada's business and engineering programmes helped companies with various sustainability challenges using the Framework for Strategic Sustainable Development (FSSD) and created roadmaps for companies that want to make create.. Socionomics and IT: Students have actively participated in the mapping phase of the project developing child-robot interaction. Students have focused on how future early childhood education professionals view the challenges of the sector and the possibility of utilising digital solutions in their work. Through Arcada's Entrepreneurship Hub, a cross-campus collaboration with the City of Helsinki, all Arcada students can participate and learn about entrepreneurship – and start a business of their own. In 2023, eight new businesses were started by students in the hub. Arcada's physiotherapy students organised a variety of warm-up and interval exercises for all relay participants during the Relay Carnival. During the large international badminton tournament Arctic Open, physiotherapy students looked after the well-being of both athletes and officials throughout the competition. Together with Mattliden Upper Secondary School, Arcada's occupational therapy, health care, sports and social work students organised a wellbeing day. During the day, the upper secondary school students visited Arcada and participated in various workshops linked to wellbeing. The Kids Save Lives project, where first aid students and lecturers train primary school teachers in first aid, so that they in turn can teach their students. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Research, development and innovation with a sharp focus on sustainability Breadcrumb Green transition and usable reed biomass Student engagement is a contributing factor In 2023 Arcada reached two important milestones within sustainability in research, development and innovation activities. Reed as biomass made its way to our labs and SMEs received support and training for their green transition. Promoting sustainable development is a strategic choice for Arcada, not least because of the social responsibility carried by institutes of higher education. The social responsibility is apparent, both in width and depth, in the 17 UN sustainable development goals that transcend all ongoing RDI projects at Arcada. – Within every sector of RDI, our strategic focus is to find smart and locally relevant solutions to global problems. To ensure that we contribute to the sustainable development of both society and working life we need cooperation with external actors. Through cooperation we can ensure that our activities are optimised to generate new ideas, technologies and applications that support sustainability, for instance, developing new services that reduce the use of resources, support environmentally friendly alternatives and improve working conditions, says Camilla Wikström-Grotell, Dean of the Graduate School and Research. Picture of Camilla Wikström-Grotell, Dean of the Graduate School and Research In 2023 one of the smart solutions was implemented through a one-year project called React, comprising green transition of small and medium sized businesses, with focus on adaptability. The project was a joint venture with 22 other Finnish higher education institutions, where Arcada’s experts guided micro, small and medium sized enterprises toward a green business conversion. The support was offered as micro-courses, events, and workshops. Through the project, funded by the European Social Fund REACT-EU, Arcada could respond to the need for an improved Swedish-language knowledge base for green transition. With funding from The Swedish Cultural Foundation in Finland, the project also published a handbook (in Swedish) on the subject. Picture of the REACT project group. From left: Silas Gebrehiwot, Paula Linderbäck, Stewart Makkonen-Craig, Erkka Toikkanen, Erica Scott and Felicia Söderlund. The year also saw the beginning of the international Baltic Reed biomass project. Through the project, the researchers want to highlight, from many different viewpoints, the benefits of harvesting reeds in the Baltic Sea. Firstly, the harvesting contributes to less nutrients in the Baltic Sea, and in this way marine habitats can be restored. Secondly, the harvested reed biomass can in turn be used to develop sustainable and profitable value chains. The project is funded by EU Interreg Central Baltic. – We work to discover potential uses for the reed harvested in the Baltic Sea. There are already several areas of use, and companies that exploit it, but additional use cases and companies are needed to make use of the full potential that reed constitutes, explains environmental expert and project leader Laura Montin. Picture of the Baltic Reed project group. From left: Paula Linderbäck, Laura Montin and Rasmus Björkvall. Through RDI, Arcada works for a sustainable life on a wide scale, evident in also within teaching and the degree programmes on offer. Research underpins all our education, and education in turn, has a central role in carrying out research, not least through the engagement of our students. A concrete example was the Design Sprint week at the end of last year, with close to 400 students gathered in multi-professional teams, each picking an optional RDI project with the aim of working out solutions connected to the UN sustainable development goals. The Baltic Reed project proved a popular choice, and the Design Sprint produced more than 20 new suggestions for the use of reed. – We have entered a dynamic period where we teach both sustainability competence and develop an understanding of how professional competence can be used in aid of a more sustainable world. Real sustainability is not dependent on a world of specialists working in isolation, but on an array of professionals, from engineers to moviemakers, whose education allows them to weave it into their work and to create a future that is more sustainable, says Tomas Träskman, Vice Dean of the Graduate School and Research. Picture of students during the design week. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual report 2023 Research, development and innovation with a sharp focus on sustainability Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Five new digitally supported learning and research environments designed for Arcada’s education of the future Breadcrumb Innovation and influence to secure education for the future Development through engagement Better understanding and increased cooperation Focus on the future – together Remote video URL Get to know the new environments at Arcada here: The use of artificial intelligence (AI) and technical aids is increasing, and this brings great changes in working life, which also causes a transformation of higher education. Five new digitally supported learning and research environments allow Arcada to guarantee their students the competence to use and develop digital solutions in their own orientations. Over the past year, new digital environments have been completed and new equipment invested in. An ambulance simulator, robots, digital twins, and a digital rehabilitation gym to mention a few. The equipment is now included in the teaching, research, and collaborative projects of the UAS. And this is only the beginning. – It is amazingly exciting to see our new labs and hubs emerge. Regardless of branch, our students must be able to deal with and act in work contexts where digital tools are commonplace. This is why our higher education institutions need to provide teaching environments that correspond to the working environments of today and tomorrow, and where research and teaching can be combined, says rector Mona Forsskåhl. Picture from the opening of Arcada's new AI Human Interaction Hub. The new labs at Arcada are the result of an extensive work that was begun in 2020. The basic idea was to provide the students with diverse simulation opportunities where digital environments and tools are used. In addition, the research programmes and cooperation with the wider community was to be increased. – Together with experts in care, rehabilitation, technology, business economics and digitalisation, Arcada designed a concept involving five environments that, over a period of 10 to 15 years, would guarantee the Swedish language HEI education programmes, Forsskåhl states. The work resulted in a plan to build a health technology knowledge centre, to develop simulation tools for health care training, to introduce digital twins in technical training and to create a centre for bringing together AI and humans. In addition, Arcada planned to develop smart and innovative teaching environments in the shape of hybrid class rooms and an entrepreneurship hub. It is obvious that these environments have filled a void, and that, in future, creating a more comprehensive understanding of digitalisation within every sector of the community is vital for a sustainable professional life. Today, we are already planning and realising projects that would not have been possible without the new environments and equipmen The plan was realised with the support of external engagement. During the academic year 2021-2022, on the 25th anniversary, Arcada organised a campaign to raise funds for the new learning environments. The environments subsequently received funding in the amount of 1,2 million euros, mainly through donations and project funding. The campaign received a total of 113 donations from foundations, companies, and private donors. – The campaign was a concrete example of the importance of donations and external support to Arcada. We can also see how the development work has increased the interest various actors in the community have in cooperating with Arcada. The data collection, made possible by the equipment in the new facilities, also creates opportunities in research and interdisciplinary development projects, reports fundraising manager Mia-Maja Wägar. Picture from the opening of Arcada's new AI Human Interaction Hub. With five new environments in place and an anniversary fundraiser nearing completion, the development is only beginning. Already, several of the efforts have had a positive effect on both the teaching and the knowledge acquisition of students.– It is obvious that these environments have filled a void, and that, in future, creating a more comprehensive understanding of digitalisation within every sector of the community is vital for a sustainable professional life. Today, we are already planning and realising projects that would not have been possible without the new environments and equipment, says Mona Forsskåhl. Collaborative schemes between Arcada’s research and innovation projects, the students, and external partners have also been initiated. – The first new environment to go active was the health technology knowledge centre, where we already have end users committed to the activities. The expectation is, that, over the coming academic year, students will be able to begin running a clinic. All in all, about twenty new cooperative efforts have been launched in 2024 with external partners, Mona Forsskåhl says. The development of digitalisation proceeds at a tremendous pace, but now Arcada is well equipped to support students in the digital leap and to simultaneously go on creating solutions that benefit all of society. It is an ongoing project that Arcada hopes to continue pursuing with everyone concerned. – Without the funding and support Arcada has received, the current development would not have been possible. As rector, I wish to extend my warmest thanks to everyone who has helped us reach our goals. Together, we ensure that Swedish language higher vocational education in the Helsinki region remains attractive and competitive, now and in future, says Mona Forsskåhl. You have not yet given permission to place the required cookies. Accept the required cookies to view this content. Click on the headings to read about the new environments. A health technology knowledge centre where students can participate in the development of digital solutions for rehabilitation and health care. The centre aims to A digitally supported simulation centre for care teaching, where students can simulate challenging care settings and patient encounters before entering the care profession. The development comprises of A laboratory for circular production and process development aimed at improving the capacity of engineering students to create cost effective and sustainable materials and production processes. The investments include A knowledge centre for the development of digital business and service solutions, aimed at developing the students’ understanding of safe and user-friendly digital solutions. The centre provides Flexible and inspiring learning environments that enable hybrid teaching and international collaboration in the Nordic countries. The environment includes Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Five new digitally supported learning and research environments designed for Arcada’s education of the future Gain more understanding of the opportunities of health technology applications in rehabilitation Develop new health technology solutions to meet the challenges of the care sector Involve end users in the development and implementation of new target group-adapted digital solutions Up-to-date digital simulation equipment An ambulance simulator A competence laboratory for self-studies Software for digital twins Digitally compatible machinery Robot arms Process training modules Solar panels Building automation systems Sustainable and ethical development of new digital solutions Research conditions for robotics and AI, with a human centric approach Interdisciplinary meeting and test environments Hybrid teaching classrooms Group work rooms An entrepreneurship hub Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Highlights of 2023 Breadcrumb Highlights of 2023 Discover the highlights of 2023 at Arcada. Record numbers of graduates, a new master's programme in energy automation and sustainability - and an ambulance simulator. These are just some of the highlights at Arcada this year. Read about more highlights below. Click on the months to read the highlights. At the beginning of the year, it became clear that a donation by Algol allows Arcada to complete the Arcada Health Tech huib, the new health care knowledge centre. At the knowledge centre, end-users, together with students, researchers, and professionals create new health tech solutions for rehabilitation and health care. The centre was completed thanks to donations from several foundations and private donors and officially opened in September 2023 Cooperating with the Helsinki Metropolitan Area sports academy Urhea, Arcada continued to support top athletes studying for a degree. Two brothers, Oskar and Robert Kirmes, are in their second year of studying business administration at Arcada. Taking up their studies at this stage in their lives was not self-evident for either of them, as they are both competing at the elite level in gymnastics, aiming for the Paris Olympics in 2024. It is important for a student to get an education while aiming at getting medals. Arcada and the Åland University of Applied Sciences established a master’s programme focusing on energy automation and sustainability. The one-year master’s programme is called Energy Automation Sustainable Engineering (EASE) and is closely connected to the business community. Applications opened in September 2023. Arcada acquired an ambulance simulator for the simulation centre, Arcada Patient Safety and Learning Centre APSLC. Simulations allow students to practise everything from team work and interaction with patients to communication with relatives. With the new equipment, Arcada can ensure that the education meets with the requirements of the community and continues to provide the same high quality. Arcada, together with eight other HEI’s, decided to offer a preparatory programme for higher education, free of charge, to Ukrainian refugees. The programme is made possible through the PrepProg project and with support from the Ministry of Education and Culture. Over a two-week period, students from Arcada UAS and Norwegian Kristiania University College gathered for a new course in Integrated Business Planning. The course is a unique collaboration between the higher education institutions, with the aim of having a cross-border exchange of knowledge in a new subject. Participants have attended guest lectures focused on decision-making, financial control, technology, IT and systems, as well as case examples. Arcada took part in the Kids Save Lives initiative, where paramedic students and teachers teach comprehensive school teachers CPR, so that they, in turn, can teach their pupils. Kids Save Lives was launched by the European Resuscitation Council (ERC) and the World Health Organisation (WHO). The aim is to teach all primary school children basic lifesaving skills. Arcada introduced digital twins in our research projects and education, with the aim of providing Finnish industry with long term support in aid of cost-efficient and sustainable solutions. A digital twin is a virtual representation of a physical object, connected to the object with sensors that gather data, to create a digital replica of the object. The funding of Arcada's new learning and research environments has reached over one million euros. There are more than a hundred donors. Arcada student Jessica Hellqvist was one of three students who, through the nurses’ association, represented Finland at the International Council of Nurses (ICN) congress in Montreal from 1-5 July. Introduction days at campus were arranged again. A new feature this year was the gathering of master’s students for a shared intro day. A whole day was also reserved for the international students at Arcada, to give them the best possible start to their studies. Arcada decided to give a full scholarship to asylum seekers, refugees and persons who have applied for temporary protection in Finland. By covering the cost of education in full, Arcada wants to improve access to higher education. Engineering alumna Nina Brännkärr-Friberg was elected Arcada’s alumna of year 2023. She founded, and is today the head of, Project Liv, an association bringing joy and hope to children with long-term illnesses and their families. Over the years, Brännkärr-Friberg has engaged numerous students at Arcada. Arcada decided to adopt the Swedish Scholastic Aptitude Test for the sports and health promotion and tech programmes. The test will be introduced as a selection method for the courses in Energy and Environmental Engineering, Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering, as well as Sports and Health Promotion. Admission based on the SAT starts in 2024. Arcada alumni created a podcast on equality in athletics. ”Vi också” (“Us too”) is Finland’s first Swedish language podcast about adapted exercise and para-athletics. The podcast was launched by sports instructors Lotta Nylund and Iida Laitila. Arcada used the Dutch OMPT-exam as the selection method for the 2024 admissions to the English language bachelor’s programmes International Business and Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering.The OMPT-exam replaced the admissions tests of the programmes. As in previous years, students were also eligible for admission based on their SAT. The autumn term closed with a design sprint with close to 400 Arcada students from different programmes participating. During one week, the students, in multiprofessional teams, took on challenges with the Global goals for sustainable development. A record number of students graduated at Arcada in 2023. A total of 546 students received their certificates in 2023, compared to 513 students the year before. Of the Arcada graduates, 472 received a bachelor’s degree and 74 a master’s degree. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual report 2023 Highlights of 2023 Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu New innovations in a changing world Breadcrumb Student wellbeing – a priority A changing organisation Inspiring collaborations and environments provide new opportunities Climate, new technologies, artificial intelligence - 2023 was characterised by great global changes that affect every society, and, not least, the youth in them. Due to the parliamentary elections in Finland, the national agenda also included NATO membership, public expenditure, and the recent reform of the social and healthcare system. The government aim to educate more people at the tertiary level with narrower public funding of education, is a challenge also for Arcada, but towards the end of the year solutions were being prepared with a view to the ned funding period starting 2025. A new post-pandemic routine fell into place at Arcada, as elsewhere, during 2023. Some of the things learned and some of the technical solutions brought forward by the pandemic, are here to stay. The need to get together and meet each other, was palpable. Our campus, and the human interaction it promotes as a space, is necessary for our activities. Therefore, it has been a pleasure to see how both students and staff as well as other stakeholders increasingly use and appreciate the facilities and meeting places provided by Arcada. Nonetheless, the aftershocks of the pandemic were evident. Many young people who were isolated during the years of the pandemic, had difficulties with their motivation and faith in the future. This is why the education sector, in Finland as well as in other parts of the world, paid particular attention to post-pandemic aftercare. Arcada too, increased efforts aimed at improving student well-being. Support services for international students, under the auspices of the Arcada SIMHE programme, reached wider than before during the year. Arcada employed a new international student counsellor during the year and introduced Russian language guidance counselling – initiatives that appear to work, at least according to the quality audit in 2023. According to the audit, Arcada’s students were particularly appreciative of the low thresholds within the organisation. They found both teachers and other staff easily approachable. The 2023 operating year was the second year of the new organisation at Arcada and, in the autumn the quality system was audited, with success, as previously stated. One conclusion was that the new organisational model supports systematic quality work, and another was that the routines of the organisation provide for evidence-based development. A new student information system, SISU, was introduced after intensive work within the organisation. The change has brought major adjustments and required significant extra contributions from personnel to be launched. The change gives Arcada the technical tools to participate in several national ventures, not least on the Digivision platform Opin.fi. During the year, in Finland, the current global topics were tied together with the question of what the demographic, democratic and economic future looks like for the country – and how the higher education institutions (HEI) fit into this future. It is obvious that we as HEI:s, both through our educational work and our research, development and innovation have a key role. Thus, Arcada’s new policy for research, development and innovation, Human-centred AI and the digital society, is a very good fit. The policy, drawn during spring with many of the UAS’s active researchers participating, expresses the aim that we want to focus our research and development on ethically sustainable solutions for a digital professional life in a society where artificial has a growing role. In general, the year will be noted as a good year in the annals of Arcada. We obtained many good results and reached several important milestones, a record number of students graduated and preparations for a new funding and strategy period began with great expectations. During the year, Nordic educational collaborative projects also found new gear, when travel and meetings were once again possible. A new master’s degree programme, Energy Automation Sustainable Engineering (EASE), developed by the tech teachers of Arcada and the Åland University of Applied Sciences, takes on the great challenges facing the Finnish society. A new strategic cooperation agreement was concluded with the Swedish School of Sport and Health Sciences in Stockholm. At the close of 2023, some 20 inter-Nordic projects were active. Arcada’s facilities were also updated during the year. The first new teaching environments, funded by donations to the Arcada 25 campaign, were introduced to an enthusiastic welcome by students, teachers, researchers, and other end-users. In general, the year will be noted as a good year in the annals of Arcada. We obtained many good results and reached several important milestones, a record number of students graduated and preparations for a new funding and strategy period began with great expectations. 22 May 2024 in Helsinki Mona Forsskåhl Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual report 2023 Rector's review Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Graduation Ceremony 14.06.2024 15:00-17:00 - Arcada / Online Arcada's graduation ceremony will be held on 14 June 2024, welcoming graduates and invited guests to campus to celebrate those who graduated between 1 January - 31 May 2024. The event will also be streamed on Arcada's YouTube channel , and you are welcome to offer your congratulations in the comments section. Please note that only pre-registered guests will be able to participate on campus. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Publications Breadcrumb Publications Arcada's latest publications listed. Here you will find Arcada's latest articles and scientific publications. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Research Publications Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Information Technology Education / Technology Breadcrumb Need more information? Apply to this bachelor's degree programme Programme What you will learn Examples of future positions How to apply Tuition fees and scholarships Structure of studies Contact us about the programme Admissions Services Fredrik Welander Niraj Dayama Do you have a logical mindset and a burning passion for the application of new technologies? The Information Technology programme focuses on programming and data analysis and will give you tools to create AI-driven software for today’s digital world. IT engineers are in high demand, so your skills will be highly sought after. Fill in the form and we will answer as soon as possible! The application is open 24 July–4 August 2025. The “Apply” button is visible below during the application period. For more information on how to apply, please visit our Application pages. You are also welcome to contact Admissions Services. In the Information Technology bachelor’s degree programme at Arcada you will learn software development with an emphasis on intelligent robotics, data processing and analytics. By the time you graduate, you will have a solid understanding of the interaction between programming and artificial intelligence. You will know how to design and develop web apps, build different kinds of cloud-based services, and much more. The studies focus on artificial intelligence, the development and application of data analysis, information visualization, and prognosis. During the course of your studies, you will be trained in programming, visualizing, analyzing, and managing the copious datasets used to develop software that can, for instance, make smart decisions and predictions. From day one, you will build practical skills for the workplace, working with web, mobile, and cloud platforms in software development. You will be working in close collaboration with the industry, and gain valuable work experience during your studies thanks to our internships. After the start of your studies, you will choose one of two specialization modules: If you choose the Intelligent Robotics-specialization you will learn how to integrate social robots into daily practice, UX/UI design with an emphasis on creating user-centric interfaces, and how to analyze and process sensor data collected from smart and distributed environments. If you study Data Processing & Analytics, you will learn how to structure, manage and analyze data that supports the development of software for data-driven decision-making, how to store data efficiently with scalability in mind, as well as descriptive, predictive and prescriptive analytics. This programme gives you the tools to work in a rapidly expanding field with great opportunities for advancement in major international corporations. As an IT engineer, you will work with executives, consultants, and consumers, playing an important role in driving technological innovation. Please visit the Application pages for all the information on how to apply. All students enrolled in the programme are expected to have a laptop they can use in their studies. Please note that applicants from countries outside the European Union/EEA are required to pay tuition fees. We offer scholarships for bachelor's level studies. The scholarships are awarded on the basis of academic performance (number of credits achieved during the previous year as well as grade point average). The scholarships can be awarded from the second study year onwards. We also have an early bird offer. Learn more on our Application pages. Familiarise yourself with an example of the structure of studies. We answer anything related to admission and application. E-mail: admissions@arcada.fi Degree Programme Director, Information Technology E-mail: fredrik.welander@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 514 Senior Lecturer in Information Technology E-mail: niraj.dayama@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 585 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Bachelor's degree programmes Information Technology Degree title Bachelor of Engineering Delivery method On-campus Level Bachelor's programme Language English Scope 240 ECTS Education duration 4 years Intelligent Robotics Data Processing & Analytics The structuring, processing, visualizing, and analysis of Big Data Software development with an emphasis on artificial intelligence The planning and development of software for web-, mobile-, and cloud-based services Graphic web design and user interfaces Programmer Software Engineer Fullstack-developer Web developer Project leader Analyst Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Information Technology - Structure of Studies Breadcrumb Quick links Joint Modules Full Stack Development 30 ECTS Programming & Applied Natural Sciences 30 ECTS Service Oriented Architectures & Development Practices 30 ECTS Research Studies 30 ECTS Practical training 30 ECTS General Education Studies 15 ECTS Professional Communication 15 ECTS Development studies 30 ECTS Specialisation Modules: Intelligent Robotcs 30 ECTS Data processing & Analytics 30 ECTS The curriculum shown is an example and might not fully match your actual studies. For the latest details, contact the Degree Programme Director. Please also note that you are expected to bring your own laptop to campus for carrying out your studies. Master web platforms, frameworks, and languages. Build responsive, user-friendly apps, visualize data, and design sleek interfaces. Solve problems with logic, math, and physics. Write efficient, professional code, plan applications, simulate real-world scenarios, and master programming paradigms. Build scalable, reliable software with CI/CD, DevOps, cloud computing, and cybersecurity. Collaborate effectively and prioritize sustainability. Solve complex problems, validate knowledge, and promote ethical research. Debate theories, and advocate for informed, responsible decision-making. Design smart, user-centric systems for IoT and robots. Build digital twins, autonomous agents, and integrate LLMs for smarter AI interactions. Manage data, master analytics, and create ML-based solutions. Turn raw data into insights, optimize outcomes, and design scalable databases. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Bachelor's degree programmes Structure of Studies Joint Modules Specialisation Modules: Web Development Front-End Programming Back-End Programming Web Communication and Databases Frameworks and Web Applications Cyber Security Mathematical Programming Vectors and Forces Statistics and Probability Oscillation and Particle Systems Programming Paradigms Data Structures and Algorithms Computer Architecture and Networking Introduction to Machine Learning Cloud Services DevOps Data pipelines Optimisation Technology and Learning Teamwork and Innovation Ethical and Sustainable Societal Development English professional communication Swedish for Beginners Electives chosen from other programmes at Arcada or other higher education institutions. Introduction to Social Robotics UI/UX-design Computer Vision Sensors and IOT Digital Twins Embodied Artificial Intelligence Descriptive Analytics Deep Learning Predictive Analytics Generative AI Visual analytics Modern Computational Platforms Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu My Future Work 2025 15.01.2025 10:00-13:00 - Big Square My Future Work 2025 Maria Jurvelius Arcadas recruitment and networking event My Future Work offers you and your organisation a great opportunity to meet the experts of the future. Register to My Future Work 2025 by 16.12.2024. Do you need extra help or a new team member? By participating in My Future Work, you reach out to our students and create new contacts. On Wednesday 15th January 2025 students, employers and education experts gather at Arcada's Big Square. During the day you can network and present your recruitment needs to our students. Prices (excl. VAT): If you have any questions, please contact Maria Jurvelius: Key Account Manager E-mail: maria.jurvelius@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 746 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Private sector 400 euros Public and third sector 300 euros Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Interview Breadcrumb Quick links Interview/Group discussion through Zoom Timetable for the group session Technical requirements Identification documents How to attend the interview/group discussion? On this page you will find more information on the mandatory interview part of the admissions process. All applicants whose SAT or OMPT scores meet the criteria and have been verified will be invited to the group interview/group discussion held online. Detailed information and requirements (setting, equipment etc) will be given in the invitation that is sent to the applicant. There is no material to read in preparation for the interview/group discussion. The group session will be arranged via the Zoom application. Applicants will receive a link to the Zoom meeting in the invitation e-mail. Applicants should therefore make sure that they have access to the e-mail address they have submitted in their application throughout the application process, and that they also check all folders including the spam folder.An applicant may not choose which interview batch they attend, but they will be invited to the closest following interview after the SAT or OMPT test score has been verified, and an Identity document is found in the application.Invitations to the interviews will be sent and interviews held around the second or third week of each month. The allocated time can not be changed. Arcada reserves the right to make changes in the timetable depending on the number of applicants. As an applicant who has received an invitation, it is your responsibility to make sure that the equipment you use meets the following criteria. To attend the group session, you need to have Arcada UAS is not responsible for, or in any legal liability if your equipment and/or connections do not meet the above-described criteria, if the group interview is interrupted, or if you cannot finish it because of technical issues. Please note that your identity will be checked during the group interview. Make sure that you have your You should present the same identification document that you submitted to Studyinfo in your application. An expired passport or identity card is accepted if its validity has expired no later than one year prior to your interview date. For example: if your interview is on 25th January 2025, we will accept ID:s that expired on 25th January 2024 or later. Also, the applicant has to be identifiable on the document’s picture. You should attend the group session by clicking the Zoom link 5 minutes before the start of the group session. The given time is local Finnish time (EET). After you click the link, please make sure that you You should also make sure that: Arcada will check the eligibility only of applicants who have passed the SAT or OMPT test and the interview/group discussion. You can only be admitted if you have proven your eligibility and your skills in English by the deadline. The results from the interview will be published within 7 days of the interview. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Bachelor's Application Apply to International Business, Information Technology or Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering Interview Interview/Group discussion through Zoom a computer (desktop computer or laptop, not a mobile device or tablet) Recommended browsers: Firefox or Chrome. If the link does not open, please try through another browser. stable internet access (and stable supply of electricity) a web camera a headset (recommended), or speakers and microphone (mouse, power cable) Download the Zoom app on your computer. It is recommended that you test Zoom beforehand. You can also join a test meeting provided by Zoom. You can familiarize yourself with Zoom before the group session by visiting Zoom's website for tutorials . passport National Id card issued in EU /EEA-country a Finnish driving license, or Finnish ID card join the meeting through a browser as a guest fill in your name in the following format: given name last name (e.g. Sarah Johnson, or Sarah J.) your camera, headset or microphone, and speakers are working you have already read both the instructions above and the ones in the e-mail sent to you you have the needed identification documents next to you you have a quiet environment and optimal lighting for clear sound and good-quality video picture; make sure that you attend the group session by yourself in a private and calm environment that allows you to concentrate Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership Education / Social and healthcare Breadcrumb Main menu Need more information? Apply to this master's degree programme Combined expertise from two world-class institutions What you will learn Examples of future positions Structure of studies How to apply Tuition fees and scholarships In collaboration with Structure of studies Contact us about the programme Admissions Services Christoffer Ericsson Are you ready to become a change agent that redesigns emergency care settings on a systems level? Do you want to gain a deeper understanding of leadership focusing on both better person-centred care and the well-being of your team? Then the Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership programme might be for you! Fill in the form and we will answer as soon as possible! The application is open 24 July–4 August 2025. The “Apply” button is visible below during the application period. For more information on how to apply, please visit our Application pages. You are also welcome to contact Admissions Services. In the master’s degree programme Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership, you will learn to develop and lead future emergency care systems by developing skills and understanding to: This programme aims to support the redesign of contemporary emergency care on a systems level. For the change to be evidence-based and goal-directed, we need leaders who understand systems integration, safety science, person-centred treatment of acute and critical patients, and staff well-being at both practical and systems levels. With the skills and competencies gained from this master’s degree programme, you will be at the forefront of this development. This programme is offered in collaboration between Arcada University of Applied Sciences and LAB University of Applied Sciences. The programme combines the strengths and expertise within each institution, offering you as a student access to the latest knowledge in the field. It is also the first international master’s degree aimed at paramedics, nurses and other healthcare professionals working in emergency care settings, with a focus on systems-level development. The courses will all be held online. It is therefore not necessary to come to the Arcada or LAB campuses, or even to live in Finland in the first place. After completing this master’s degree you will be qualified for leadership roles such as: The degree comprises 90 ECTS credits. The studies are taught entirely in English and are completed online. The coursework includes assignments and lectures (online). Participation in online lectures is not mandatory but recommended. The degree contains the following three main modules: Please visit the Application pages for all the information on how to apply. All students enrolled in the programme are expected to have a laptop they can use in their studies. Please note that applicants from countries outside the European Union/EEA are required to pay tuition fees. No scholarships are available for master's degree studies, but we do have an early bird offer. Learn more on our Application pages. Familiarise yourself with an example of the structure of studies. We answer anything related to admission and application. E-mail: admissions@arcada.fi Degree Programme Director, Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership E-mail: christoffer.ericsson@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 838 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Master's degree programmes Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership Degree title Master of Healthcare Delivery method Online Level Master's programme Language English Scope 90 ECTS Education duration 1,5 years Entry requirements In order to meet the eligibility criteria, the applicant must have a suitable bachelor's degree in emergency care, nursing, public health nursing, physiotherapy, or social care, and a minimum of two years (24 months) of relevant work experience gained after the completion of the bachelor's degree. Studyplan analyse and evaluate the effectiveness of emergency care interventions and systems. understand and apply systems thinking in different emergency care contexts. implement and manage patient safety, teamwork, and occupational wellbeing in complex emergency care settings. consider the opportunities and challenges of applying future digital solutions in emergency care systems. The interpretation and evaluation of emergency care inventions and systems The capability to develop systems thinking in emergency care settings How to support sustainable work and teams in emergency care environments How to assess future digital solutions regarding emergency care work How to implement and assess patient safety interventions in emergency care contexts Emergency Care EMS Supervisor Chief of Emergency Medical Services Head Nurse, Assistant Head Nurse Development or Project Specialist Research Assistant core competences (30 ECTS credits) elective complementary studies (15 ECTS credits) research methods and master's thesis (15+30 ECTS credits). Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Fees for services related to requests for information Breadcrumb Quick links Documents and information provided free of charge Charges for copying and delivering paper documents Charges for searching for information and removing confidential information Payment of processing fees Basis for the fees According to the Act on the Openness of Government Activities (621/1999), everyone has the right to access public information from the University of applied sciences' documents and registers. A document or information may be fully or partially classified as confidential due to confidentiality regulations based on law. If the authority refuses to provide the requested document or information, the reason for the refusal will be communicated. It is possible to receive an appealable decision regarding the refusal.According to the Act on the Openness of Government Activities operations, a request for information must be sufficiently detailed for the authority to determine which document is being requested. Requests for information should be directed to the University of applied sciences' registry office (registrator@arcada.fi). Please note that alumni and former students can order documents and certified copies of degree certificates from Student Affairs (studentaffairs@arcada.fi). The fees for these documents follow a separate price list . In accordance with the Act on the Openness of Government Activities, no fee is charged for providing a document when the requested document can be identified, can be found in the authority’s document register or another electronically maintained register, it can be located using document classification, the document’s reference number, or search functions, and the confidential parts can be removed without difficulty, in the following cases: When a document is public or confidential parts can easily be removed, only the costs for copying and delivery are charged: Costs incurred for searching for information may be charged if the search for the requested document and the removal of confidential information require more work than usual. For requests that require more work than usual, the following will be charged: The fee is charged for searches that take longer than half an hour, regardless of whether the requested documents are found or not. Ordered documents will not be delivered until payment is made. The customer must present a receipt of the paid fee to the University of applied sciences' registry office (registrator@arcada.fi). The receipt must clearly show the customer's name and the reason for the payment. The fees are based on the Act on the Openness of Government Activities (621/1999). Primarily, the services for which fees are charged are public-law services, and they are priced based on the cost recovery principle, meaning the fee is at most equal to the cost of the labor required to produce the documents. No VAT is charged for public-law services.The fees come into effect on 1 October 2024. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Fees for services related to requests for information Documents and information provided free of charge Charges for copying and delivering paper documents Charges for searching for information and removing confidential information Payment of processing fees Basis for the fees Information from the document is provided orally The document is read or copied at the authority’s premises A public document stored in electronic form is sent by email to the person who requested the information A document stored in electronic form is sent by email to a party The provision of the requested document is part of the authority's duty to provide advice, conduct hearings, or inform. A4 and A3: €0.50/page Postage according to the chosen delivery method First 30 minutes: Free of charge 30 minutes – 2 hours: €60 For every additional hour started: €60 Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Apply to Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership Breadcrumb Quick links Educational background Two years of work experience English proficiency requirement Student selection through entrance exam course Here you will find important information on how to apply to the Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership programme. The degree programme in Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership is a collaboration between Arcada University of Applied Sciences and LAB University of Applied Sciences. Are you interested in applying? An additional intake is announced for this programme, taking place 24 July - 4 August 2025. Please see here for more information on how to apply in the additional intake.The main application to the programme at both universities of applied sciences was part of the joint application, which was open between 8-22 January 2025. Application is to be submitted through the national application portal studyinfo.fi. The applicant can apply to either programme or to both. If applying to both programmes, applicant will not need to place these in order of priority and can also, in case score is sufficient, receive an admissions offer from both universities of applied sciences. An admitted applicant can however accept only one study place at a programme leading to a degree at a higher education institution. Before starting your master's application process to respective university of applied sciences, please make sure that you are an eligible applicant, i.e. that you have a suitable educational background, two years of work experience and that you also meet the English language proficiency requirement. To be eligible to apply to Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership, the applicant must have a suitable bachelor's degree in emergency care, nursing, public health nursing, physiotherapy, or social care. All applicants must, in addition to the requirements listed above, have a minimum of two years (24 months) of relevant work experience gained after the completion of the bachelor's degree in order to meet the eligibility criteria.Work experience is only counted after the bachelor's degree has been awarded, and needs to be proven by a work certificate. CV are not accepted on their own. Work experience gained before or during your bachelor studies cannot be counted towards the work experience minimum requirement. An exception is only made for applicants who have completed a Finnish vocational college diploma or higher vocational diploma (opisto- tai ammatillisen korkea-asteen tutkinto) before the completion of their higher education degree, as they may also take into account work experience gained before the higher education degree. Work experience can be counted up to 31st July 2025. Part-time work is converted to full-time work so that 150 hours or 20 full-time working days (a minimum of seven hours per day) are equal to a month. The work experience does not have to be continuous or from the same employer. Practical training or on-the-job learning is not counted as work experience if it forms a part of the degree used for applying. To demonstrate proficiency in English, one of the following language test results, meeting the minimum score requirement, is required from the applicant. The language test results are valid for two years from the date of taking the test and your test result must be valid on the first day of the application period. Arcada/LAB strives to accept electronic copies of language certificates submitted directly from the testing organisation. Please request your score report to be submitted to Arcada/LAB UAS when you register for the Cambridge, Pearson or TOEFL tests. Also, IELTS test takers can request the result to be sent to Arcada/LAB directly but as results can be verified online, a copy of the test result attached to the application form is accepted.An applicant applying both to Arcada and to LAB UAS must ensure that the language certificate is delivered to both uases. If you have taken the SAT test it is sufficient if you send your score to either of the UAS that you have applied to. Send your SAT to Arcada using the code 7151, and to LAB using the code 7191. Language certificates must be the UAS at hand and verifiable in the respective language test database by 29th January 2025. Other ways to prove proficiency in EnglishA language test is not required when you have completed an upper secondary degree or a higher education degree i.e. at least a Bachelor's degree level degree in English at an institution located in the following countries: an EU or EEA country, Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, South Africa or the United States, excluding online degrees and offshore campuses.A language test is also not required when you have completed a higher education degree i.e. at least a Bachelor's degree completed at a university or university of applied sciences in one of the Nordic countries (Finland, Sweden, Norway, Denmark or Iceland). Students to this master programme are selected trough an entrance exam course, carried out as a collaboration between Arcada and LAB UAS. All applicants must complete the course Designing and Evaluating Patient-Centered Emergency Care 5 ECTS, in order to be considered for admission. A successfully completed course will be accredited toward the degree for an applicant who is admitted to either UAS. There is no fee for the entrance exam course. The entrance exam course consists of three parts, max points 120: An invitation to the entrance exam course containing all relevant information about the course will be sent to applicants after application has closed. The entrance exam course will be open between 3 Feb 2025 - 16 March 2025 and will be online. The timetable of the course and assignments for each section is the following: There will also be two live sessions in the form of lectures in which the applicant is to actively participate. The dates of the lectures will be published later. Eligibility is checked only for an applicant who is admitted to the programme. The student selection is based on the points of the entrance exam course. The maximum number of points is 120. To be eligible to the program at either university of applied sciences the applicant must achieve at least 50 points, 20 from each essay and a total of 10 from video and lectures. In case several applicants score the same points, all such applicants will be admitted. Evaluation of the course is based on Universities of Applied Sciences evaluation frame, presented in the MOOC platform. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Master's Application Apply to Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership Educational background English proficiency requirement Student selection through entrance exam course Cambridge B2 First: Minimum score 170 Cambridge International IGCSE: First language English, Syllabus 0500 and 0990 Cambridge C1 Advanced: Minimum Score level C Cambridge C2 Proficiency: Minimum Score level C TOEFL iBT/ TOEFL iBt Home Edition/ TOEFL iBT Paper edition/ TOEFL iBT Enhancements: Minimum score 80 (writing score min. 20) IELTS Academic/ IELTS Indicator / IELTS Online: Minimum score 6.0 (writing score minimum 5.5) Pearson/PTE Academic/ PTE Academic Online: Minimum score 58 SAT test Evidence-Based Reading and Writing: Minimum score 600 Video (10 p): Presentation and quality in emergency care context. Maximum 10 points Lectures (5+5p): Participation in lecture 1: 5 points, participation in lecture 2: 5 points. Maximum 10 points Essay 1 (50p): Opportunities and challenges related to measuring effects and effectiveness in emergency care context. Maximum 50 points. Essay 2 (50p): Patient-centeredness in emergency care context. Maximum 50 points. Essays will be checked for plagiarism Assignment 1, video: 3-16.2.2025 Assignment 2, essay 1: 3.2-2.3.2025 Assignment 3, essay 2: 17.2-16.3.2025 Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Nordic SUN 2024 05-06.11.2024 09:00-16:00 - Arcada Nordic Simulation User Network 2024 is organised at Arcada in November. Simulation User Network meetings offer best practices to help advance simulation training programmes across all healthcare disciplines. It serves as a platform for collaboration, innovation and sharing best practices related to simulation training – aiming to impact on healthcare education and patient care. Nordic SUN 2024 is organised in collaboration with Arcada. More information and registration here . Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Business Management and Transformation Education / Business Breadcrumb Andreas Nyberg graduate, IBM (predecessor to BMT) Eeva Kousa graduate, IBM (predecessor to BMT) Sam Björklund graduate, IBM (predecessor to BMT) Janne Matikka graduate, IBM (predecessor to BMT) Need more information? Apply to full-time studies Apply to part-time studies Programme Skills relevant to today’s business environment What you will learn Examples of future positions Top-quality teaching in a supportive environment How to apply Tuition fees and scholarships Contact us about the programme Admissions Services Christa Tigerstedt Are you ready to lead the future of business in a transforming world? Do you want to enhance your skills in business transformation and master the art of managing a data-driven organisation effectively and sustainably? Take your professional expertise and career prospects to the next level! Fill in the form and we will answer as soon as possible! The application is closed. The previous application was open 8.1.2025–22.1.2025. For more information on how to apply, please visit our Application pages. You are also welcome to contact Admissions Services. The application is closed. The previous application was open 8.1.2025–22.1.2025. For more information on how to apply, please visit our Application pages. You are also welcome to contact Admissions Services. With a focus on digital and sustainable transformation and technologically driven service design, Arcada’s master’s programme in Business Management and Transformation equips you with the skills to drive change in a rapidly evolving world. You will deepen your expertise in areas such as leading data-driven businesses, AI implementation, digital marketing, business transformation, financial management, and service design innovation. Our programme prepares you to lead in various business contexts— always with the human factor in mind. The master’s programme is rooted in the Nordic business environment, offering an up-to-date and international study experience that gives you the skills needed to move from an expert role to a proactive leadership position. You and your fellow students form a diverse group, representing different business areas and cultures, which will enrich your studies and expand your personal networks both nationally and internationally. The BMT programme comprises 90 ECTS with studies lasting either one and a half years (full-time studies) or three years (part-time studies). The programme has an agile and blended learning approach, seamlessly integrating on-campus sessions with online study components. The studies include business expert insights, theoretical knowledge development, collaborative discussions, and project work. Since part of the teaching is conducted on campus, you need to ensure the attendance of the sessions in person. All lectures are typically held in the late afternoon, evenings or during weekends. After the core programme studies, we offer specialised modules. You will have the opportunity to comprehensively study service business, including understanding customer needs, co-creation, integration of technology and continuous improvement. The specialisations have a strong focus on data-driven technologies, innovations, AI applications and practical deployment. The specialisation is designed to equip you with advanced skills and insights relevant to today’s service business environment. The curriculum includes disciplines such as strategy, AI for business development, leadership, digital marketing, business transformation, data-driven financial management and innovations in service design to propel your knowledge and skills for designing for the future business landscape. The lecturers involved in the programme have a strong research background and actively engage in cutting-edge research in AI, robotics, and consumer behaviour, ensuring our teaching is grounded in a solid research-driven approach. Emphasising the essential role of people in technological business innovations, the programme helps you to develop resilience, leadership, and foresight preparing you to drive future business. This programme will significantly broaden your opportunities for career advancement and update your current knowledge. You will be prepared to take on a broad variety of roles related to business transformation and digital innovation as well as data-driven decision-making. As the business world undergoes continuous transformation, new roles and titles emerge that emphasise agility and forward-thinking. Potential career paths include positions likes business transformation lead, service design expert, digital marketing strategist or innovation director. You might also explore opportunities as a business intelligence lead, consumer behaviour manager, or chief digital officer. As a student, you can expect top-quality teaching by our educators who are a mixed group of business professionals and academics with extensive experience in their respective fields. We actively collaborate with industry experts, ensuring that you are provided with the latest input from both practice and research. At Arcada, we take pride in the personal guidance educators give our students, and this is also something our students and alumni continue to highlight as one of the top advantages of studying at our UAS. Please visit the Application pages for all the information on how to apply. All students enrolled in the programme are expected to have a laptop they can use in their studies. Please note that applicants from countries outside the European Union/EEA are required to pay tuition fees. No scholarships are available for master's degree studies, but we do have an early bird offer. Learn more on our Application pages. We answer anything related to admission or application. You can contact us by email. For other questions, please contact the degree programme director. E-mail: admissions@arcada.fi Principal Lecturer in Business Administration E-mail: christa.tigerstedt@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 529 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Master's degree programmes Business Management and Transformation Degree title Master of Business Administration (MBA) Level Master's programme Language English Scope 90 ECTS Education duration 1,5 or 3 years Entry requirements In order to meet the eligibility criteria, the applicant must have a suitable bachelor's degree in business or another relevant field and a minimum of two years (24 months) of relevant work experience gained after the completion of the bachelor's degree. Programme What you will learn How to apply Tuition fees and scholarships Contact us about the programme Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu CP - North – Living life with cerebral palsy in the Nordic countries CP - North Breadcrumb Main menu Principal investigator Ann Alriksson-Schmidt Researchers Ira Jeglinsky-Kankainen Research duration Research partners Enviroments Research programme Sustainable development goals CP - North: Living life with cerebral palsy in the Nordic countries is a research project involving all five Nordic countries. Associate Professor E-mail: ann.alriksson-schmidt@med.lu.se Principal Lecturer in Rehabilitation E-mail: ira.jeglinsky-kankainen@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 834 Cerebral palsy (CP) is an umbrella term for several non-progressive, but often changing, motor impairment syndromes. The syndromes are secondary to a one-time lesion of the brain in the early stages of development, often caused by a cascade of events. Apart from motor problems the lesion causes additional impairments such as specific learning disorders, difficulties with functional vision, pain, and epilepsy. The complex and heterogeneous disability in cerebral palsy demands special attention for the individual with CP, and a multidisciplinary, multidimensional approach with active family involvement is essential. The disability is lifelong, with painful and musculoskeletal complications often worsening over time, resulting in reduced participation in society. CP-North: Living life with cerebral palsy in the Nordic countries is a research project involving all five Nordic countries. Through interdisciplinary research based on different registers we aim to explore how living with CP affects health, quality of life, education, labor market outcomes, socioeconomic status, and mortality throughout the lifespan of the individual with CP and his/her family. We will also investigate if these effects differ between genders and within and across the Nordic countries (Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Iceland and Finland). The register base in CP-North is a national quality register called the Cerebral Palsy Follow-Up Program (CPUP), which is used in Sweden, Norway, Denmark and Iceland. CPUP is a clinical tool aiming to prevent secondary complications in CP, like for example hip dislocations, scoliosis and pain. Finland is the only Nordic country where CPUP is not in use, and will in this study stand as a control. Additionally to the CPUP registers, other national registers will be used as well as to a lesser extent new completed data collection. The data in this study will be based on one of the largest databases concerning information on children with CP and their families throughout the lifespan, and address a large evidence gap. By this Nordic register-based collaboration we intend to significantly increase the knowledge of how persons with CP, a rare, yet highly complex and lifelong disability, are affected at the individual, family, and societal level. The new information gained can be used to guide individual country’s practices and policies by providing much needed evidence. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Research Key research activities CP - North CP - North Publications CP - North news CP - North Research team Lund University Vestfold Hospital Trust Norwegian University of Science and Technology Oslo University Hospital University of Iceland Aarhus University New Children's Hospital Finnish Institute for Health and Welfare (THL) NorCP Arcada Health Tech Hub (AHTH) Health and welfare Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Open House 20.11.2024 16:00-19:00 - Arcada's campus On 20 November, we open the doors to our lab and simulation centres to celebrate 20 years on campus. What happens in the Arcada studio when the recording light is on? Why do we need a humanoid robot to teach children how to floss? How do paramedics learn to save lives in an ambulance simulator? You can experience this and much more by visiting our campus. Take the chance to look behind the scenes and learn more about the different programmes and research at Arcada! During the afternoon you will have the chance to visit: Arcada Health Tech Hub Arcada Patient Safety and Learning Centre Arcada AI and Human Interaction Hub Arcada Sustainability and Tech Lab Arcada Studios Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub Starting at 4pm, guided tours of Arcada's special spaces start every half hour. Hop on one of the tours! Registration for the event here Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Pedagogical Day 2024 - Competence Development through Smooth Transitions 30.10.2024 09:00-15:15 - Online Schedule: The focus of the Pedagogical Day 2024 is collaboration within formal education at different stages, to build sustainable study paths for today's students. With competence-based structures, we can support self-directed learning and competence development toward chosen professions. Formal education at different stages needs to collaborate to build sustainable study paths that feel smooth and meaningful for today's students. Competence-based curricula are a natural choice for professional education, which aims to provide the labor market with skilled workers. Developing competence-based curricula takes time and requires careful consideration. What can universities of applied sciences learn from secondary vocational education, where they have long experience with competence-based curricula? We want to enable smooth transitions to Arcada for students graduating from vocational education. How can we achieve this together? The daily program is mainly in Swedish, but the afternoon lecture (2 PM with PhD Niklas Rosenblad) will be in English. Registration (in Swedish) . Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search 9:00 - 9:15 Welcome and Introduction, Carina Kiukas, Academic Director 9:15 - 10:00 Christel Holmlund – Noréen, Expert on Competence-Based Curricula in Secondary Vocational Education, "What Opportunities Do Competence-Based Curricula Offer – Experiences from Secondary Vocational Education" 10:00 - 10:15 Break 10:15 - 11:15 Panel: Smooth Transitions – What Do We Understand by This? How Can We Develop the Concept? Panel Participants from Prakticum, Folkhälsan Education, Axxell, and Arcada.- Anna Pensar-Kuivumäki, Principal, Folkhälsan Education- Lotta Sjöblom, Head of Education, Prakticum- Annika Stadius, Director of Arcada Services- Emilia Söderlund, Degree Supervisor, Axxell- A teacher from Arcada? 11:15 - 12:15 Lunch 12:15 - 1:45 Workshops on Meaningful Study Paths. With students' different competencies and needs as a starting point, we strive to create a study path that is smooth and meaningful. The workshop focuses on themes we have identified based on experiences. How can we support self-directed learning with a focus on these themes?- Competencies for Higher Education - Language Competence for Higher Education and Working Life - Mathematical Competence for Higher Education - Well-being Support and Services 2:00 - 3:00 Niklas Rosenblad, PhD. Postdoctoral Researcher, Faculty of Educational Sciences, University of Helsinki, "What is Vocational Bildung and Is There a Problem with Competency-Based Curricula? A Realist Analysis" 3:00 - 3:15 Summary and Conclusion Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Nursing TopUp Spring intake Breadcrumb Quick links Language requirements Work experience Admission through a Pre-admission course + interview Admission through entrance exam on campus Application timeline - Nursing TopUp Spring intake 14 October 2024 - 2 December 2025 28 February 2025 10 March 2025 17 March 2025 24 March 2025 26-28 March 15-16 April 2025 April/May 10 July 2025 August 2025 Here you'll find information on the Nursing TopUp Spring intake Arcada's Spring intake to the Nursing TopUp bachelor programme was open 10-18 March 2025, closing at 3 pm (Finnish time) on the last day. The Nursing TopUp programme is aimed at those who already have a Nursing degree completed outside of Finland, work experience (recommended but not required) and language skills in Finnish and English.Application is made through Studyinfo. You can access the programme site on Studyinfo and also move on to the application form by clicking on the link, when application is open.Please note that as of 1st January 2025 application fees will be collected for EU/EEA applicants. More information on this is available on the Studyinfo web site Eligibility This application is for you who have: Please note that work experience is also part of the selection criteria. (More information given below) All applicants must have both skills in Finnish as well as EnglishFinnish language requirementAll applicants must have Finnish language skills at a minimum level of A2 on the European framework before the start of studies. You can prove your Finnish language skills with one of the following: Finnish language proficiency can not be proven with language courses such as Duolingo. Applicants must attach proof of skills in Finnish or proof of participation in accepted Finnish course to their application by 24 March 2025. If the applicant is pursuing a Finnish language course aiming at level A2 result can be conditionally admitted but, they must submit a copy of a final certificate by 31 May 2025. Admission of an applicant who, before the start of studies does not meet the level A.2 in Arcada's own test, can be cancelled.The applicant's Finnish language skills will be assessed in the entrance exam/interview. English language requirement Applicant can prove their skills in English with one of the following: English language proficiency can not be proven with language courses such as Duolingo. The IELTS, TOEFL, OET and Pearson certificates are valid for two years. Applicant must attach proof of skills in English by 24.3.2025Please ensure that you have allowed your language test result to be verified by Arcada. The applicant's English language skills will be assessed in the entrance exam/interview. There is no set minimum work experience requirement in this intake but it does form part of the selection criteria. Applicants are therefore requested to include all relevant work history in their application. A maximum of 3 points is given for work experience. Points for work experience will be given according to the following: Work experience needs to be proven by a work certificate indicating at least the applicant's title, work task, employer and duration of employment. Ensure that you have officially translated copies if the work certificate was not issued in Finnish, Swedish or English. Part-time work is converted to full-time work so that 150 hours or 20 full-time working days (a minimum of seven hours per day) are equal to a month. The work experience does not have to be continuous or from the same employer. Practical training or on-the-job learning is not counted as work experience if it forms a part of the degree used for applying. If you live outside Finland or the EU/EEA area, you are recommended to apply through the pre-admission course to be considered for the TopUp programme. Also, an interview is required. The pre-admission course consists of the following two courses: The pre-admission course costs 225 €. Enrollment is binding and the course fee is non-refundable. The enrollment fee is to be paid upon registration. The pre-admission course is to be completed by 28th February 2025.Enrollment in the pre-admission is now closed! Enrollment in the course was open until 2nd December 2025. Please note the following:Registration for the course is binding and the course fee is non-refundable. You will be required to pay the fee before you are allowed to enrol for the course. The pre-admission course must be completed by 28 February 2025.After completing the course, you must also submit an application to be considered for admission. A certificate of completion will be issued to all who successfully complete the pre-admissions course and this certificate is to be attached to the application. Online Interview Applicants who have completed the pre-admission course and also meet the language criteria will be invited to a mandatory interview. The interviews will be held on Zoom in 26-28 March 2025. The interview will focus on the pre-admission course content. It will test applicants' communicative skills based on the material from the pre-admission course. It does not require any other preparation than completing the pre-admission course. The invitation will contain all the necessary information. Applicants who are admitted through the pre-admission course + interview will be accredited the courses as part of their studies. Applicants are ranked and admitted in order of points for the pre-admission course, points for work experience, interview and language skills. If you reside in Finland you can select to be considered through an entrance exam held on campus. The entrance exam to Nursing TopUp will be held on campus Arcada, Helsinki 15-16 April 2025. The entrance exam will test applicants' suitability for higher education studies. It will consist of a written test as well as interviews and language tests. The exam does not require any preparation. Detailed information on the entrance exam will be given in the invitation letter sent to applicants who have proven their eligibility. Please note that if you live outside of Finland or the EU/EEA area, it will unfortunately be difficult if not impossible to get a visa for the sole purpose of taking part in an entrance exam. Arcada can unfortunately not assist further in the process other than to send out a formal invitation letter and therefore such applicants are recommended to apply through the pre-admission course. Applicants are ranked and admitted based on total points for the entrance exam, points for work experience and language skills. Here you will find information on the application timeline for the Nursing TopUp Spring intake 2025 Enrollment to Pre-admissions course open Deadline for completion of pre-admission course. Application to the spring intake to Nursing TopUp opens at 9 am. Application to the spring intake to Nursing top up closes at 3 pm Deadline for application attachments Mandatory interview for applicants applying through the pre-admission course Entrance exam on campus for applicants applying through this selection method. Results announced at the latest Deadline to accept study place offer and pay tuition fee (if applicable to you) Studies begin Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Bachelor's Application Apply to Nursing TopUp Nursing TopUp Spring intake Language requirements Work experience Admission through a Pre-admission course + interview Admission through entrance exam on campus Application timeline - Nursing TopUp Spring intake a degree in Nursing completed outside of Finland ; Bachelor of Nursing; Diploma of Nursing; GNM (General Nursing & Midwifery); PCL (Proficiency Certificate Level); or Technical level Nursing studies of a minimum 3 years Finnish language skills English language skills National Certificate of Language Proficiency Civil Service Language Proficiency Certificate Certificates or verification from established educational institutions that offer language instruction and can be verified by Arcada Bachelor or Master studies in English, which includes a thesis written in English IELTS Academic, minimum overall score 6,0 TOEFL® iBT, minimum score 79 Pearson, minimum score 51 Cambridge, B2 First, minimum score 170 OET, (Occupational English Test) minimum C Certificates or diplomas from verified educational providers that can be verified by Arcada 1-4 years work experience: 1 point 5-9 years work experience: 2 points 10 years or more work experience: 3 points current employment in the health care field: 3 points (these points are not added to the points listed above) Working as a Nurse in Finland Nursing in Finland: Clinical Competence, Legislation and Patient Safety Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Nursing TopUp Autumn intake Breadcrumb Quick links Eligibility Work experience Language requirements Admission through a Pre-admission Course + interview Admission through entrance exam on campus Application timeline - Nursing TopUp Autumn intake 1 April - 26 May 1 April 2025 -31 July 2025 29 August 2025 5 September 2025 12 September 2025 16-17 September 2025 11-12 November 2025 November 2025 January 2026 Here you will find information on the Nursing TopUp Autumn intake Arcada's autumn intake, for studies beginning in January 2026, will be carried out as a separate application to the Nursing TopUp bachelor's degree programme from 29 August - 5 September 2025, closing at 3 pm (Finnish time) on the last day. The Nursing TopUp programme is aimed at those who already have a Nursing degree completed outside of Finland, work experience (desirable) and language skills in Finnish and English. Application should be submitted through Studyinfo. You can access the programme site on Studyinfo and also move on to the application form by clicking on the link. This application is for you who have: Work experience is not mandatory, but highly desirable and will give additional points in the admissions process.Work experience is only counted after the date when the Nursing certificate/diploma was awarded, and needs to be proven by a work certificate. Work experience gained before or during your bachelor studies cannot be counted towards the work experience minimum requirement. Work experience can be counted up to 31.12.2025. Part-time work is converted to full-time work so that 150 hours or 20 full-time working days (a minimum of seven hours per day) are equal to a month. The work experience does not have to be continuous or from the same employer. Practical training or on-the-job learning is not counted as work experience if it forms a part of the degree used for applying. Finnish language requirementAll applicants must have Finnish language skills at a minimum level of A2 on the European framework before the start of studies. You can prove your Finnish language skills with one of the following: Finnish language proficiency can not be proven with language courses such as Duolingo. Applicants must attach proof of skills in Finnish or proof of participation in accepted Finnish course to their application by 12.09.2025. If the applicant is pursuing a Finnish language course aiming at level A2 result, they must submit a copy of a final certificate by 31 Dec 2025. An applicant who is completing Finnish studies at the time of application can be conditionally admitted but must provide a Finnish language certificate at minimum level A.2 by 31 Dec 2025. Admission of an applicant who, before the start of studies does not meet the level A.2 in Arcada's own test, can be cancelled. The applicant's Finnish language skills will be assessed in the entrance exam/interview. English language requirement Applicant can prove their skills in English with one of the following: Please note that if you have a diploma you are required to prove English language proficiency through an English language test, since your studies did not include a thesis. English language proficiency can not be proven with language courses such as Duolingo. The IELTS, TOEFL and Pearson certificates are valid for two years. Applicant must attach proof of skills in English by 12.09.2025. Please ensure that you have allowed your language test result to be verified by Arcada. The applicant's English language skills will be assessed in the entrance exam/interview. If you live outside Finland or the EU/EEA area, you should do the pre-admission course to be considered for the TopUp programme. Also, an interview is required. There are a minimum of 60 available study place through this selection method. The pre-admission course consists of the following two courses: The pre-admission course costs 225 €. Enrollment is binding and the course fee is non-refundable. You must enrol in the pre-admission course by 9 June 2025 and pay the fee at the same time. The pre-admission course will open 1 April and you will have until 10 August 2025 to complete both courses. Please note the following:Registration for the course is binding and the course fee is non-refundable. You will be required to pay the fee before you are allowed to enrol for the course. The pre-admission course must be completed by 10 August 2025.After completing the course, you must also submit an application in order to be considered for admission. When you have completed the course you will be issued a certificate of completion that is to be attached to your application.Online Interview Of those who have completed the pre-admission course and who meet eligibility criteria, Arcada will invite the 120 first applicants. The 120 first applicants are selected based on the time of submission of the application. The interviews will be held on Zoom between 16-17 September 2025. The interview will focus on the pre-admission course content. It will test applicants' communicative skills based on the material from the pre-admission course. It does not require any other preparation than completing the pre-admission course. The invitation will contain all the necessary information. Applicants who are admitted through the pre-admission course + interview will be accredited the courses as part of their studies. Applicants are ranked and admitted in order of points for the pre-admission course, points for work experience, interview and language skills. If you reside in Finland you can select to be considered through an entrance exam held on campus. The entrance exam to Nursing TopUp is held on campus Arcada, Helsinki on 11-12 November 2025. The entrance exam will test applicants' suitability for higher education studies. It will consist of a written test as well as interviews and language tests. The exam does not require any preparation. Detailed information on the entrance exam will be given in the invitation letter sent to applicants who have proven their eligibility. Please note that if you live outside of Finland or the EU/EEA area, it will unfortunately be difficult if not impossible to get a visa for the sole purpose of taking part in an entrance exam. Arcada can unfortunately not assist further in the process other than to send out a formal invitation letter and therefore such applicants are recommended to apply through the pre-admission course. Applicants are ranked and admitted based on total points for the entrance exam, points for work experience and language skills. Below you can find the timetable for the next application to the Nursing TopUp degree programme. Registration for Pre-admission course is open Pre-admission course ongoing for those who successfully enrolled. The final deadline to complete the Pre-admission course is 31 July 2025. Application opens. Application closes. Deadline for application attachments at 15.00 Finnish time. Online interviews for selected applicants applying through pre-admission course Entrance exams are held on campus for selected applicant applying through this selection method. Results announced. Studies begin. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Bachelor's Application Apply to Nursing TopUp Nursing TopUp Autumn intake Eligibility Work experience Language requirements Admission through a Pre-admission Course + interview Admission through entrance exam on campus Application timeline - Nursing TopUp Autumn intake a degree in Nursing completed outside of Finland ; Bachelor of Nursing; Diploma of Nursing; GNM (General Nursing & Midwifery); PCL (Proficiency Certificate Level); or Technical level Nursing studies of a minimum 3 years Finnish language skills English language skills National Certificate of Language Proficiency Civil Service Language Proficiency Certificate Certificates or verification from established educational institutions that offer language instruction and can be verified by Arcada Bachelor or Master studies in English, which includes a thesis written in English IELTS Academic, minimum overall score 6,0 TOEFL® iBT, minimum score 79 Pearson, minimum score 51 Cambridge, B2 First, minimum score 170 OET, (Occupational English Test) minimum C Certificates or diplomas from verified educational providers that can be verified by Arcada Working as a Nurse in Finland Nursing in Finland: Clinical Competence, Legislation and Patient Safety Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Selling Experiences Further education / Business Breadcrumb Selling Experiences Course contents After completing the course you will: Teaching form Timetable 2025: Contact us about the course Mia Halmén Do you want to master the art of selling tourism and experience products in today’s digital landscape? This course provides essential insights into pricing, marketing, and distribution strategies that drive success in the complex world of tourism. Apply to the course here! During the course you will learn about the economic impact of tourism— on both a global and local scale. You will discover how various distribution systems and intermediaries operate, and gain practical insights into pricing strategies that make tourism products stand out. We’ll also explore up- to date topics like the impact of metasearch engines and the sharing economy, and discover where and how to effectively sell your experiences. The course will have on-campus lectures, during office hours 2x /week. Lecturer in Business Administration E-mail: mia.halmen@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 589 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Selling Experiences Price 75 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 14.02.2025-04.03.2025 Last application date 08.01.2025 Entry requirements Some working experience or an introduction course in tourism/experience industry. have knowledge about the distribution system of travel and experience services and understand the complexity of the field. be able to describe the key characteristics and understand the role of distribution channels understand the economic impacts and cash flow in tourism & experience industry understand sharing economy principles within travel and experience industry. 14.01 9.15-11.15 16.01 12.00-14.00 21.01 9.15-11.15 23.01 12.00-14.00 28.01 9.15-11.15 30.01 13.00-15.00 04.02 9.15-11.15 06.02 9.15-11.15 11.02 9.15-11.15 13.02 12.00-14.00 18.02 9.15-11.15 20.02 13.00-15.00 25.02 9.15-11.15 27.02 12.00-14.00 04.03 9.00-12.00 Examination Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu ANCHOR - Anchoring Career Support in Working Life Research Breadcrumb Principal investigator Annika Stadius Researchers Sandra Slotte Research funding Research partners Do you have questions about the project? Maria Jurvelius Christine Stukaloff Are you in need of career counseling? Inga Chernova Sustainable development goals Who is an international talent? Read more Continued support for Arcada's research in child-robot interaction How to monitor the transformation towards circular society? Cultural diversity in healthcare – the role of leadership and education The aim of the Anchor project is to create new concepts and models to improve pathways to work for international students, recent graduates and alumni of Finnish universities of applied sciences in the capital region, as well as international talents. Director, Arcada Services E-mail: annika.stadius@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 613 Senior Policy Advisor E-mail: sandra.slotte@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 668 International students and foreign nationals face significant challenges in finding employment in Finland. Weak ties to the local working life can lead to international students not graduating, as they are unable to find internships and thesis assignments. This can result in international talents leaving the country after graduation. In this project we are developing new forms of support for international students and alumni, as well as mapping the need of support for employers. This way, we aim to increase the employment opportunities of our international students and alumni. We want to be at the forefront of creating solutions for keeping international talents in Finland. -Annika Stadius, project owner. The project is co-funded by the European Union, which accounts for 75% of the total budget. Svenska kulturfonden has funded part of the remaining self-financing. Key Account Manager E-mail: maria.jurvelius@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 746 Business collaboration specialist E-mail: christine.stukaloff@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 666 Career Counsellor E-mail: inga.chernova@arcada.fi Phone number: +358 50 5758400 Arcada has been granted 140,000 euros from the foundation Brita Maria Renlunds minne to deepen its research in how social humanoid robots can be of use in early childhood education in a safe and pedagogical way. Category: Research In March 2024, the project partners for Agile Circular Competence Network organised a three-day Spring School aimed at students, companies, and researchers interested in the circular economy. The focus of the third day was on understanding how businesses can measure their transition towards a circular and sustainable economy. Category: Publication The shortage of nurses is a global issue that already threatens the ability to deliver safe and effective care. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), this gap in the healthcare workforce, especially in Europe, could be characterised as a ‘ticking time bomb’ that could worsen health outcomes and, in extreme cases, lead to system collapse (WHO, 2022). Category: Publication Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Services ANCHOR - Anchoring Career Support in Working Life ESR+ City of Helsinki City of Espoo City of Vantaa The Helsinki Region Chamber of Commerce Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Visual Media Design and Production Further education / Culture and media Breadcrumb Visual Media Design and Production About the course: Teaching form: Contact us about the course Marika Blomster Are you ready to transform your creativity into a career? This dynamic course is perfect for for individuals seeking new opportunities in media and design, providing the latest skills in visual storytelling and communication — and proficiency in Adobe Creative Cloud. Application opening soon! This course emphasizes a hands-on, studio-like environment for creativity and production. Through lecturers and individual assignments you will learn to master Adobe Creative Cloud applications—Photoshop, Illustrator, and Premiere Pro. The course also explores new technologies shaping digital design, including AI-driven creativity and generative design, which are redefining how visual stories are told. You will delve into responsive and adaptive design theory, equipping you to create impactful work across diverse platforms and audiences. Whether you're drawn to media production, digital art, or design innovation, this course prepares you for the future of creative industries. We will practice skills such as This is an on campus course, taking place at Arcada University if Applied Sciences. Every course participant will have a workstation of their own in the classroom, and in addition you will be able to install Adobe Creative Cloud on your own computer during the whole course. During the course you can choose to work on assignments in groups, but every participant will create their own individual assignments. The sessions will be taught twice a week, on Tuesdays and Thursdays, 13-17. (Except on non-working holidays) Besides that, reserve time to work with your own assignments that will be submitted to the platform itslearning. As a course participant you will also have access to LinkedIn Learning with hundreds of online courses about digital tools. Further Education Planner E-mail: marika.blomster@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 505 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Visual Media Design and Production Price 150 € + 0% VAT Delivery method On-campus Language English Scope 10 ECTS Course dates 17.03.2026-07.05.2026 Last application date 10.03.2026 Entry requirements General computer software knowledge Image creation, retouching and editing with the latest technologies Vector graphics creation - logos, infographics, marketing material etc. Video / Motion graphics editing Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Graduation Ceremony 17.01.2025 15:00-17:00 - Arcada / Online Arcada's graduation ceremony will be held on 17 January 2025, welcoming graduates and invited guests to campus to celebrate those who graduated between 1 June - 31 December 2024. The event will also be streamed on Arcada's YouTube channel , and you are welcome to offer your congratulations in the comments section. Please note that only pre-registered guests will be able to participate on campus. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Fintech for Financial Transactions Further education / Business Breadcrumb Fintech for Financial Transactions About the course: By the end of this course, you will: Course calender Contact us about the course Marika Blomster Christa Tigerstedt This course is designed to immerse you in the transformative world of financial technology and equip you with the knowledge and skills needed to navigate and lead in the rapidly evolving financial landscape. Apply to the course here! Throughout this study unit, you will focus on building several key competencies: Further Education Planner E-mail: marika.blomster@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 505 Principal Lecturer in Business Administration E-mail: christa.tigerstedt@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 529 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Fintech for Financial Transactions Price 75 € + 0% VAT Delivery method Hybrid (on-campus and online) Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 03-26.04.2025 Last application date 28.03.2025 Entry requirements A bachelor degree and at least two years work experience gained after completing the higher education degree. The "FinTech in the past, present, and future" course completed. Digital Transformation Expertise: Understand how the digital revolution is reshaping the business environment. Technological Comparison Skills: Analyze the distinctions between traditional banking institutions and emerging financial transaction technologies. Knowledge of Blockchain and Digital Currencies: Explore the foundational concepts of digital currencies, blockchain technology, and smart contracts. Be able to discuss innovative business models and activities driven by legislative changes and technological advancements. Understand the differences between fiat currencies and blockchain-based cryptocurrencies, along with their implications for the global economy. Gain awareness of global trends influencing the FinTech ecosystem, from regulatory shifts to technological innovations. Comprehend the opportunities smart contracts offer for fostering financial inclusion and enabling new business ventures. Develop advanced presentation skills and adopt a polished and respectful communication style, both written and spoken. Cultivate cultural sensitivity and adaptability in diverse communication and professional contexts. April 3, at 16.30-20.00 April 4, at 16.30-20.00 April 5, at 9.30-16.00 April 24, at 16.30-20.00 April 25 at 16.30-20.00 April 26, at 9.30-16.00 Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Non-Stop Course: Exploring well-being: an introduction to the salutogenic perspective Further education / Social and healthcare / Business / Sports / Culture and media / Technology Breadcrumb 3 ECTS Exploring well-being: an introduction to the salutogenic perspective 5 ECTS Exploring well-being: an introduction to the salutogenic perspective and the professional perspective in relation to salutogenesis About the course Learning Outcomes Teaching form: Teachers: Contact us about the course Lotta Eronen Are you seeking to learn how health and well-being can be supported trough a strengths- based approach? With this course you will gain knowledge and skills on how to support health and balance, whether applied on individual development or professional practice. Apply to the course here! Apply to the course here! This course is an introduction to the theory of salutogenesis, which shifts the focus from illness to the factors that support and sustain health and resilience. During the course we will explore core concepts such as comprehensibility, manageability, and meaningfulness and consider how these principles can be applied in personal, academic, and professional contexts. In addition to theoretical insights, the course offers practical tools and strategies designed to help you develop a proactive approach to maintaining your own well-being. This course is suitable for anyone who is interested in health and well-being. No prior knowledge needed. By the end of the course, you will: This is a Non-Stop online course that can be accomplished at own pace during the academic year. Course materials available online on the digital learning platform Itslearning. Assignments are to be taken at own pace during the academic year. The examination consists of both examination quizzes and written assignments. This course is designed by: Senior Lecturer in Health Care E-mail: lotta.eronen@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 683 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Non-Stop Course: Exploring well-being: an introduction to the salutogenic perspective Price 75 € + 0% VAT Delivery method Online Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 07.01.2025-15.12.2025 Last application date 15.12.2025 3 ECTS Price 45 Euro 5 ECTS Price 75 Euro Understand the theoretical foundations of the salutogenic perspective and its key concepts. Be able to apply a salutogenic approach to analysing everyday situations and work contexts. Recognize the significance of maintaining personal well-being in both personal and professional settings. Acquire familiarity with coping strategies, self-help tools, and resources for seeking additional support when necessary. Reflect on your own experiences and integrate these reflections with theoretical knowledge to enhance your sense of coherence and well-being. Lotta Eronen, Senior Lecturer in Health Care, Doctoral Researcher within Health Sciences. Mikaela Lindqvist, Senior Lecturer in Health Care, cognitive short-term therapist, an authorised sexual counsellor and Studies Psychotherapy in Åbo Akademi, and holds a long experience from working within mental wellbeing-, and health. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Non-stop course: eHealth Further education / Social and healthcare Breadcrumb eHealth About the course: Teaching form: Contact us about the course Jonas Danielson Joachim Ring Thomas Hellstén In today’s rapidly evolving healthcare landscape, e-health has become essential for professionals and students in health and welfare. This online course package provides the knowledge and skills needed to navigate the dynamic world of digital health technologies, from AI in healthcare to electronic health records, wearable devices, and beyond. Apply to the courses in eHealth here! Please note, that the courses will open on 4th August 2025. E-health (also known as health technology or digital health) involves the use of digital technologies and communication techniques to enhance and streamline health, healthcare services, and medical care. The term encompasses a wide range of applications, including mobile apps, wearable technology, websites, electronic health records, telerehabilitation, self-monitoring, and other digital tools.By staying informed and equipped through e-health education, you’ll not only adapt to these advancements but also play a pivotal role in creating a more efficient, patient-centered healthcare system. Choose between the online courses in this eHealth package and take the next step toward becoming a leader in the future of health and welfare. Choose freely between all these 1 ECTS (á 15 euros) courses: This is an online course package of 10 credits. There is an opportunity to take anything between 1-10 credits. The package is structured in smaller entities, 1 credit (one course = 1 credit = 27 hours workload) The structure of each course is following: The examination of each course requires passing all 3 quizzes and the reflection essay. Principal Lecturer in Health Care E-mail: jonas.danielson@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 428 Lektor i fysioterapi E-mail: joachim.ring@arcada.fi Senior Lecturer in Physiotherapy E-mail: thomas.hellsten@arcada.fi Phone number: 040 773 31 54 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar eHealth Price 150 € + 0% VAT Delivery method Online Language English Scope 10 ECTS Course dates 04.08.2025-31.05.2026 Last application date 31.05.2026 eHealth: an introduction - 1 ECTS AI in Healthcare - 1 ECTS Wearables - 1 ECTS Telerehabilitation - 1 ECTS Infodemiology - 1 ECTS Health analytics - 1 ECTS eHealth ethics - 1 ECTS Robotics in healthcare - 1 ECTS mHealth - 1 ECTS XR (VR & AR) - 1 ECTS Watch 1 video and read 4 articles (2 given, 2 students search for themselves) - 12h Answer 3 quizzes of 5 questions - 3h Quiz I is based on the video Quiz II on Article 1 Quiz III on Article 2 Quiz I is based on the video Quiz II on Article 1 Quiz III on Article 2 A 3-page related essay – 12h Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Certificate-based admission Breadcrumb Quick links Student selection On this page you will find important information on how to apply to the bachelor's degree programmes International Business, Information Technology and Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering through the certificate-based admission. The application for studies beginning in Autumn 2025 was open from 27 March 2025 at 9 AM (UTC+2) to 23 April 2025 at 3 PM (UTC+3). The application was made through Studyinfo. To apply in this certificate-based application, you will need the following: Applicants completing any of the above mentioned degrees in Spring/Summer 2025 can be considered in this certificate-based application. Note that all applicants must also prove their English language skills, and meet the threshold criteria as explained below. If the applicant does not have any of the above-mentioned educational backgrounds, or they do not meet the English language or threshold criteria they can not apply or be considered for admission in this application but must instead apply in the rolling separate application (application time 20 Nov 2024 - 21 May 2025) based on either SAT or OMPT test results. All applicants must also prove their English language skills. The following are accepted as proof of skills in English: Admission of an applicant completing their degree in spring/summer 2025 is conditional and may be withdrawn if the applicant does not meet the requirements upon graduation. The applicant needs to attach their predicted grades or an equivalent document upon submitting the application. Only students who have proven to meet the English language requirements can be offered admission. Student selection is based on the points for the Finnish Matriculation examination, International Baccalaureate, European Baccalaureate, Deutsches Internationales Abitur/Reifeprüfung or on the Finnish vocational certificate issued after 1 August 2015. Arcada UAS follows the scoring models from the UAS webpage . Threshold requirements DP in Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering & Information Technology: DP in International Business: There are 20 available study places in each programme. 18 places per programme are reserved for those applying with a matriculation examination while 2 are reserved for those applying with a vocational qualification. If either queue is not filled, places may be filled through the other queue. Applicants are admitted in order of scores. An applicant must have a minimum of 85 points to be considered for admissions and Arcada admits continuously from the waiting list if study places become available. The waiting list is valid until 5.8.2025 at 03:00 PM UTC+2.Required attachments and their deadlines The following attachments should be uploaded to the application no later than 30 April 2025:- English proficiency certificate other than Finnish Matriculation examination completed after 1990 - Copy of Finnish Matriculation examination if it was completed before 1990- IB Diploma/ EB Diploma/ Reifeprufung. An applicant graduating in 2025 will need to submit predicted grades or similar or equivalent proof of grades and expected graduation. - Passport copy or official Identity card from EU/EEA country Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Bachelor's Application Apply through Certificate-based admission Student selection A Finnish Matriculation examination Finnish vocational upper secondary education completed after 1.8.2015. NB: Competence-based qualifications are not taken into account in certificate-based selection. International Baccalaureate (IB) diploma education (IBO) European Baccalaureate (EB) education completed at a European school Reifeprufung/Deutsches Internationales Abitur Finnish Matriculation examination: grade C (advanced syllabus). If your matriculation score does not meet the requirements you must submit another certificate of language proficiency. Completed International Baccalaureate Education with the exception of career-oriented courses. Medium of instruction needs to have been English. Completed European Baccalaureate Education with medium of instruction being English or a minimum grade of 6.00 in L2 English. Reifeprüfung/DIA diploma completed in Finland, with a minimum grade of 7 in advanced English. Finnish vocational education completed in English High school, bachelor's or master's degree completed in English in an EU/EEA country, or in the UK, Ireland, USA, Canada, South Africa, Australia or New Zealand, excluding online degrees and offshore campuses. A minimum 60% of the degree must have been completed on location in one of the before mentioned countries. Cambridge ESOL’s tests B2 First (First Certificate in English) Cambridge Advanced: minimum score 170 include your Candidate ID and Candidate Secret number when sending your results to Arcada include your Candidate ID and Candidate Secret number when sending your results to Arcada Pearson Test of English Academic or Academic online: minimum score 51 results are accepted only when sent through the online PTE account and are valid for two years results are accepted only when sent through the online PTE account and are valid for two years IELTS / IELTS online ; academic: minimum overall band score 6.0 valid for two years valid for two years TOEFL Internet-based or Home Edition test: minimum score 79 test result must arrive directly from the Educational Testing Service through Arcada's TOEFL code 5724 valid for two years test result must arrive directly from the Educational Testing Service through Arcada's TOEFL code 5724 valid for two years Finnish Matriculation examination/ IB/ EB: minimum grade A in advanced math or grade C in basic math. Equivalent grades for the IB/EB /Reifeprufung examinations Finnish vocational education: minimum grade 3 (on a scale of 1-3) or 4 (on a scale of 1-5) in Knowledge in math and science (Kunnande i matematik och naturvetenskap/Matematiikan ja luonnontieteiden osaaminen) Finnish vocational education: minimum grade 3 (on a scale of 1-3) or 4 (on a scale of 1-5) in Knowledge in math and science (Kunnande i matematik och naturvetenskap/Matematiikan ja luonnontieteiden osaaminen) Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Nordic Tourism and the Experience Industry TopUp Education / Business Breadcrumb Apply to the Nordic Tourism and the Experience Industry TopUp programme Programme structure Practical training What you will learn Career opportunities Personal guidance and state-of-the-art teaching How to apply Tuition fees and scholarships Structure of studies Contact us about the programme Admissions Services Arcada Communications Are you passionate about tourism and the experience industry? Do you want to gain a competitive edge in the job market by specialising further? Our Nordic Tourism and the Experience Industry TopUp degree programme focuses on sustainability, opportunities, and challenges in the tourism sector within a Nordic setting. This programme is designed for students who are enthusiastic about the tourism, hospitality, and experience industry. The application is open 29 August–5 September 2025. The “Apply” button is visible below during the application period. For more information on how to apply, please visit our Application pages. You are also welcome to contact Admissions Services. The Nordic Tourism and the Experience Industry TopUp programme offers an opportunity to broaden your knowledge and dive into the Nordic tourism and experience industry. It is tailored for those holding a bachelor's or diploma-level degree within business. The programme combines online components and on-campus learning to provide flexibility for students. Key features include practical internships and project-based learning, enabling you to apply your knowledge in real-world settings. Starting in October 2025, you will take part in an online introduction that helps you settle in and prepare for your studies. You will explore the Nordic working culture and tourism industry, improve your Finnish for everyday and professional use, and receive regular support and guidance from your teachers to ensure a smooth and confident start to your studies on campus in January 2026. All students enrolled in the programme are expected to bring their own laptop that they can use in their studies. A significant component of the programme is practical training, allowing you to immerse yourself in the tourism industry in Finland. The programme is structured to allow you to combine studying and working. Through the programme, you will gain the following competences with a Nordic perspective: Graduates of this programme can pursue various roles, such as: At Arcada, we believe in student-centred and dialogue-driven learning. Our teachers offer support and feedback, ensuring you are not left alone with your studies. We take pride in the personal guidance our teachers provide, which is consistently highlighted by our students and alumni as a top advantage of studying at Arcada. Please visit the Application pages for all the information on how to apply. Applicants from countries outside the EU/EEA are required to pay tuition fees. No scholarships are offered for this programme. Learn more on our Tuition fees page. Familiarise yourself with the structure of the studies, and learn more about the learning outcomes, courses, general competences, profession-specific competences and the UN Sustainable Development Goals of this programme. We answer anything related to admission and application. E-mail: admissions@arcada.fi We answer general questions about studies at Arcada. E-mail: communications@arcada.fi Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Bachelor's degree programmes Nordic Tourism and the Experience Industry TopUp Degree title Bachelor of Business Administration Delivery method On-campus Level Bachelor's programme Language English Scope 210 ECTS Education duration 1–2 years Entry requirements Applicants holding a Diploma in Tourism and Hospitality (minimum 3 years of studies) or a bachelor's degree within business can apply. This TopUp degree programme is designed to be completed in 1–2 years, depending on the accreditation of previous studies and pace of study. Programme structure What you will learn Career opportunities Personal guidance and state-of-the-art teaching How to apply Tuition fees and scholarships Structure of studies Contact us about the programme Tourism Industry Insights: Courses cover key areas such as sustainable tourism, cultural and heritage tourism, event management, digitalisation in tourism, and destination branding. Experience Design: Learn how to craft memorable experiences for customers through innovative event planning, service design, and the use of new technologies like augmented and virtual reality. Nordic Business Environment: Explore the unique factors that define the Nordic tourism landscape, including green tourism, eco-friendly business models, and the growing importance of wellness tourism in the region. Tourism and Product Development Manager Experience Design Specialist and Coordinator Customer Experience Manager Destination Manager Sustainability Coordinator in Tourism Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Nordic seminar: Health promotion through movement, activity and joy throughout life 20-21.03.2025 - Arcada and Online A large part of children and adults worldwide are not physically active enough, and the trend appears to be increasing. Sedentary lifestyles are one of our major public health problems. A particular challenge is the growing gap between those who are physically active and those who are inactive. Multiple actions and new innovative ways to inspire people to be more active are needed, taking into account factors such as age and context. By making physical activities accessible, affordable and enjoyable for all, we can significantly reduce the risk of lifestyle-related disease and create an active and healthier population. During the seminar, researchers and experts will present new research findings on the benefits of movement and physical activity and different ways to inspire movement for increased health and well-being under three theme areas: Seminar language: Swedish and EnglishTarget group: researchers, teachers, experts and students as well as others who are interested in the connection between health, well-being, movement and physical activity. Organisers: The seminar is realised as a collaboration between Arcada, Mälardalen University, Sweden (MDU), the Swedish School of Sports and Health Sciences (GIH) and Folkhälsan. The seminar is realised with support from Konstsamfundet. Sign up for the seminar here , latest March 17th 2025 Meet our speakers Programme Thursday 20.3.2025 Fysisk aktivitet, stillasittande och hälsa i ett livscykelperspektiv - utmaningar och möjligheterModerator: Eva Roos, FolkhälsanPhysical activity, sedentary behaviour and sleep in early childhood: inequalities and health associationsElina Engberg, docent, Folkhälsans forskningscentrum Fysisk aktivitet, skärmtid och hjärnhälsa hos barn och ungaKarin Kjellenberg, Gymnastik- och Idrottshögskolan (GIH), Stockholm Sitting less for better health: the latest findings informed by wearable technologyArto Pesola, XAMK Physical activity and aging in late midlifeKatri Ruutu, Arcada, Folkhälsans forskningscentrum Support of physical activity and fall prevention exercise for older persons living at homeJohanna Fritz, MDU Hur mäta, följa upp och inspirera till Fysisk aktivitetModerator: Camilla Wikström-Grotell, Arcada Från ord till handling - Beteendevetenskapliga metoder för att främja fysisk aktivitetDaniela Eklund, Arcada Mätning av fysisk aktivitet hos barn och unga: Utmaningar, metoder och praktiska lösningar Karin Kjellenberg, Gymnastik- och Idrottshögskolan (GIH), Stockholm How can health apps that motivate healthy lifestyles be used in healthcare?Caroline Eklund, Mälardalen University Motives for and barriers to physical activity in late midlife - Experiences from the XAGE-studyKatri Ruutu, Arcada/Folkhälsan Programme Friday 21.3.2025 Livsstil, hälsa och rörelseglädjeModerator: Mikaela Wiik, FolkhälsanPauskraft: Ungdomars delaktighet för ökad fysisk aktivitetJohan Bäckman, Folkhälsan Forskningsresultat kring konceptet "dans för hälsa" bland ungdomarAnna Duberg, Örebro universitet med kommentarer av Petra Turja, Folkhälsan Rörelseglädje 65+, ett samskapande projekt för att tilsammans motivera till ökad rörelse och gemenskap i vardagenMalin von Koskull and Sofia Höglund, Folkhälsan Physical activity and sedentary behaviour in chronic painJohanna Fritz, Mälardalen University How to overcome negative pain-related belifs and fear of movement as barriers to physical activity?Riikka Holopainen, Jyväskylä University Rörelseglädje - en gåva i och för livetPetra Tuomolin, Terveystalo Welcome! Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Physical activity, sedentary lifestyle and health in a life cycle perspective – challenges and opportunities How to measure, follow up and inspire to physical activities Lifestyle, health and the joy of movement Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Speakers Breadcrumb Speakers during the seminar Oraganizers Meet our speakers at the seminar "Health promotion through movement, activity and joy throughout life" Per Nilsson Per Nilsson är rektor för Gymnastik- och Idrottshögskolan i Stockholm. Han är professor i pedagogik och ordförande i Kommittén för främjande av ökad fysisk aktivitet,. Per är även medlem av Högskolestyrelsen Arcada och sitter i Norges idrottshögskolas styrelse. Elina Engberg Elina Engberg, PhD, is a senior researcher at the Folkhälsan Research Center in Helsinki and holds the title of Docent in Physical Activity Epidemiology at the Faculty of Medicine, University of Helsinki. She is the project leader and Co-Principal Investigator of the SUNRISE Finland study, which examines movement behaviours in early childhood. Her research focuses on physical activity, sedentary behaviour, and sleep, as well as their sociodemographic inequalities and associations with physical and mental health. Karin Kjellenberg Karin Kjellenberg, PhD in Sport Science, is a researcher at the Swedish School of Sport and Health Sciences (GIH), Stockholm, Sweden. She recently defended her doctoral thesis, focusing on the associations between physical activity, fitness, screen time, and healthy brain functions (mental health, cognitive and academic performance) in adolescents. Her main research interests include promoting health and well-being in children and adolescents, with a particular focus on physical activity and nutrition. Arto Pesola Dr. Arto Pesola is an exercise physiologist and the director of the Active Life Laboratory at South-Eastern Finland University of Applied Sciences in Mikkeli, Finland. His research focuses on developing wearable electromyography and accelerometry technologies, along with advanced analytical methods, to identify and promote muscle activity profiles beneficial for individuals with type 2 diabetes. Katri Ruutu My name is Katri Ruutu. I am an exercise physiologist working as a senior lecturer in sport sciences at Arcada University of Applied Sciences and as a doctoral researcher in Folkhälsan Research Center. My research interests lie in physical activity and exercise in aging population and the topic of my doctoral dissertation is the effects of physical activity and exercise on biological aging in late midlife and old age. Johanna Fritz Johanna Fritz, PhD, senior lecturer in physiotherapy, is a researcher and teacher in physiotherapy at School of Health, Care and Social welfare, Mälardalen University, Västerås, Sweden.Her main interest lies in the integration of a behavioural medicine approach in physiotherapy, particularly with regard to the implementation in clinical practice. Her research is about developing and evaluating methods to support implementation of a behavioural medicine approach in physiotherapy. Daniela Eklund Daniela Eklund has a PhD in exercise science from the University of Jyväskylä. Her doctoral dissertation focused on the physiological adaptations and changes in metabolic health in response to different combined strength and endurance training interventions. She has worked with health promotion initiatives both in a practical context as well as within research and she is passionate about seeing research results being translated into real-world applications Caroline Eklund Caroline Eklund, PhD in Physiotherapy, Researcher, Senior lecturer, Department of Physiotherapy, School of Health, Care and Social welfare, Mälardalen University, Västerås, Sweden, has her research within the health- and welfare technology area with special interest in how web-based interventions/solutions can support behavior change in several ways. Stress-management, sedentary behavior and physical activity is her main interest within health-related behavior change. Johan Bäckman Johan Bäckman, Projektkoordinator, Folkhälsan, Socionom, har erfarenhet av utvecklingsprojekt, kontinuerlig förbättring samt inkludering inom utbildningssektorn. Anna Duberg Malin von Koskull Malin von Koskull är spec.sjukskötare och HVM med lång erfarenhet av att leda projekt som främjar hälsa för olika målgrupper. Malin jobbar som verksamhetsledare på Folkhälsans förbund. Sofia Höglund Sofia Höglund är fysioterapeut med speciellt intresse för äldres hälsa och välbefinnande. Sofia jobbar som projektledare för projekt Rörelseglädje 65+ på Folkhälsans förbund och avlägger som bäst magisterexamen inom hälsovetenskaper vid Åbo Akademi. Riikka Holopainen Riikka Holopainen, PT, PhD, lecturer, works currently as a researcher, lecturer at University of Jyväskylä and clinical physiotherapist at MoveDoc Oy. Her research interests are musculoskeletal pain, therapeutic alliance and communication as well as implementation of evidence-based practice. She was designated specialist in pain physiotherapy in 2018. Petra Tommolin Ekonomiemagister, företagsfysioterapeut28 års erfarenhet inom rehabiliteringsbranchen(4 barns mamma)Slogan: Always look at the bright side of life Anne Söderlund Anne Söderlund, PhD, professor in Physiotherapy with behavioral medicine profile, School of Health, Care and Welfare, Mälardalen University, Västerås, Sweden. She is also affiliated professor at Arcada University of Applied Sciences.She is member of the European Pain Federation Academy Board, and an Editor-in-Chief for the European Journal of Physiotherapy. She is a leader of a multidisciplinary group, BeMe-Health of 20 researchers. Her research area is on prevention, treatment, and evaluation of health problems from a behavioral medicine perspective in the physiotherapy framework. Eva Roos, Folkhälsan, specialsakkunnig, seniorforskare på Folkhälsan Anne Söderlund, Mälardalens universitet Mikaela Wiik, Folkhälsan, sakkunnig i arbetsvälbefinnande på Folkhälsan Camilla Wikström-Grotell, Arcada PhD Health Sciences Camilla Wikström-Grotell (physiotherapist (PT), healthcare teacher, PhD health sciences) has served as a PT teacher as well as leader of rehabilitation and health care education for more than 30 years at Arcada UAS. In 2019, she was appointed director of academic leadership with a special focus on collaboration in the Nordics. Since 2022, she acts as vice dean for Graduate school and research. She is also an affiliated researcher at Mälardalen University. She is active in several national and international research projects, acts as an international evaluator of education and as an expert reviewer in several international journals. Her publications deal with health promotion, issues related to movement and health, evidence-based practice, sustainability issues and higher education pedagogy. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Talare - Hälsofrämjande genom rörelse, aktivitet och glädje under hela livet Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Apply to Nordic Tourism and the Experience Industry TopUp Breadcrumb Quick links Eligibility English language requirements Work experience Admissions procedure Online interview Mandatory preparatory courses Selection method On this page you will find important information on how to apply to the Nordic Tourism and the Experience Industry TopUp degree programme. The Nordic Tourism and the Experience Industry TopUp degree programme is aimed at an applicant who has: Upon completion of the programme the student will gain a Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) with a specialisation in Nordic Tourism and the Experience Industry. The programme can be completed in under two years. The next application period will be open 29 August–5 September 2025. Application is to be submitted through Studyinfo. A direct link to the application form will be available when application is open. The applicant is to submit all required attachments by 12 September 2025 at 3 pm EEST. Note that an applicant may be subject to both an application and tuition fees. The application fee is €100. For a student with a bachelor's degree, the tuition fee for the whole programme is €11,000 euro whereas it is €13,000 euro for a student with a diploma or similar level of education. You can read more about Arcada's tuition fees here. The tuition fee may be subject to changes during a student's study time. You can apply to this programme if you have completed one of the following outside the EU/EEA area: All applicants must have sufficient English language skills in order to complete their studies. The English language proficiency can be proven through one of the following methods: English language proficiency can not be proven with language courses such as Duolingo. The applicant must attach proof of skills in English by the set deadline, which is seven days after application has ended. Please ensure that you have allowed your language test result to be verified by Arcada. Work experience will give the applicant additional points, but it is not mandatory. The scoring of the work experience will be found under the section Selection method. The applicant must provide proof of their work experience by submitting a work certificate within seven days after the application closes. The certificates will be checked for authenticity and should preferably be on the organisation's letterhead with a stamp and/or signature. If the documents are issued in a language other than Swedish, Finnish or English, the applicant must also submit a translation into one of the languages mentioned above within the deadline. The translation must be done by an authorised translator. Conditional admission to the programme is gained through: Applicants who meet eligibility requirements will be invited to an online interview. The online group interviews will take place 22–23 September 2025. The interview requires no preparation by the the applicant. The interview will test the applicant's communicative skills and motivation to study. Applicants will receive an invitation to the interview which will contain all necessary information on the required settings, equipment (webcam, microphone) etc. The invitation will be sent by email roughly one week prior to the time of the interview. Applicants with a BBA that is not related to Tourism or Hospitality are required to complete the following mandatory preparatory course: All applicants are also to take the following preparatory course: Additionally, a course in Finnish will be offered to admitted students. More information on this will be given to admitted applicants. Admission to the programme is based on the total points earned for qualifying education, work experience, and group discussion. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Apply to Nordic Tourism and the Experience Industry TopUp Eligibility English language requirements Work experience Admissions procedure A Bachelor of Business degree (BBA) completed outside the EU/EEA area, preferably in Tourism or Hospitality, or minimum 3-year Diploma in Tourism and Hospitality Management Work experience English skills A Bachelor of Business degree (BBA) completed outside the EU/EEA area, preferably in Tourism or Hospitality. Applicants with a BBA not related to Tourism or Hospitality will be required to complete mandatory online courses to qualify A minimum 3-year Diploma in Tourism and Hospitality Management Bachelor or master studies in English, which includes a thesis written in English Applicants with a diploma are required to complete an English language test Applicants with a diploma are required to complete an English language test IELTS , IELTS online , One skill retake; academic: minimum overall band score 6.0 valid for two years minimum overall band score 6.0 valid for two years TOEFL Internet-based or Home Edition test: minimum score 67 test result must arrive directly from the Educational Testing Service Arcada's TOEFL code 5724 valid for two years minimum score 67 test result must arrive directly from the Educational Testing Service Arcada's TOEFL code 5724 valid for two years Pearson Test of English Academic or Academic online: minimum score 51 results are accepted only when sent through the online PTE account valid for two years minimum score 51 results are accepted only when sent through the online PTE account valid for two years Cambridge ESOL’s tests B2 First (First Certificate in English) Cambridge Advanced: minimum score 170 include your Candidate ID and Candidate Secret number when sending your results to Arcada minimum score 170 include your Candidate ID and Candidate Secret number when sending your results to Arcada Certificates or diplomas from verified educational providers that can be verified by Arcada An application submitted trough Studyinfo containing the following attachments: proof of educational requirements and work experience certificates (if applicable); Meeting English language requirements; Successful participation in and passing of online interview Completion of the pre-admissions course Introduction to the Tourism Industry before 16 November 2025 for applicants whose degree is not within Tourism or Hospitality Management. This course costs €75. Enrollment is binding and the course fee is non-refundable. Completion of the mandatory preparatory course Working in Finland – Nordic Tourism. Enrollment is binding. Preparatory Finnish language course. More information will be sent to admitted applicants. Introduction to the Tourism Industry This course costs €75. Enrolment is binding and the course fee is non-refundable. The enrolment fee is to be paid upon registration. This course is to be completed by 16 November 2025. Information on the course will be sent to admitted applicants. If the preparatory course is not completed successfully the conditional admissions offer will be withdrawn. This course costs €75. Enrolment is binding and the course fee is non-refundable. The enrolment fee is to be paid upon registration. This course is to be completed by 16 November 2025. Information on the course will be sent to admitted applicants. If the preparatory course is not completed successfully the conditional admissions offer will be withdrawn. Working in Finland – Nordic Tourism Enrollment is binding. Enrollment is binding. Qualifying education (1–4 points) Bachelor's degree in Tourism or Hospitality Management, 4 p Bachelor's degree in Business, 3 p Diploma in Tourism or Hospitality Management, 1 p. Bachelor's degree in Tourism or Hospitality Management, 4 p Bachelor's degree in Business, 3 p Diploma in Tourism or Hospitality Management, 1 p. Work experience (0–6 points) No experience, 0 p 1–4 years of experience, 1 p 5–9 years of experience, 2 p 10 years or more of experience, 3 p If the applicant is employed in tourism or hospitality at the time of application the hospitality sector, they will receive an additional 3 p. No experience, 0 p 1–4 years of experience, 1 p 5–9 years of experience, 2 p 10 years or more of experience, 3 p If the applicant is employed in tourism or hospitality at the time of application the hospitality sector, they will receive an additional 3 p. Group discussion (0–20p) The online group interviews will be scored according to a pre-defined matrix, which will be published on Arcada website before the discussion. To pass the group discussion, the candidate must achieve a passing score in all parts of the discussion and at least 12 points in total. Applicants will be ranked on the basis of the total score of the qualifying education, work experience and the group discussion. If several candidates have the same score no further ranking is done, but all applicants with the same score are offered a study place if necessary. The online group interviews will be scored according to a pre-defined matrix, which will be published on Arcada website before the discussion. To pass the group discussion, the candidate must achieve a passing score in all parts of the discussion and at least 12 points in total. Applicants will be ranked on the basis of the total score of the qualifying education, work experience and the group discussion. If several candidates have the same score no further ranking is done, but all applicants with the same score are offered a study place if necessary. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Welcome to Arcada's RDI Fair 26.03.2025 12:00-16:15 - Small auditorium and online Programme Welcome to Arcada's RDI Fair 2025 – an afternoon filled with the latest from our research, development and innovation projects. Welcome to familiarize yourself with Arcada's broad and deep RDI activities. The event is held in Swedish and English. 12.00-12.30 Opening presentation: "Standing up for research in a “post-truth society” – Mark Dougherty, Dean of the Graduate School and Research 12.30-13.00 Research Council's panel discussion 13.00-13.15 Break 13.15-14.00 Panel discussion on student involvement in RDI 14.00-16.00 Project presentations: “Mini oral presentations 5 minutes" 16.00-16.15 Award ceremony Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Moderator: Daniela Eklund Panel: Members of the Research Council Moderator: Tomas Träskman Panel: Ellinor Silius-Ahonen, Niklas Eriksson, Linn Hongell, Thomas Hellstén and Susanne Ådahl. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Arcada x Alumni: Alumni event for engineers – an opportunity to strengthen your career! 11.03.2025 16:30-19:00 - Arcada Arcada x Alumn: alumni event for engineers will be held on Tuesday 11.3.2025 at 16.30–19.00 at Arcada. This bilingual event offers you the opportunity to hear about the current state of the job market and learn from alumni who will share their own journeys and career tips. The job market can be challenging, and it is important to understand how to best navigate changes and build long-term success in your field. Therefore, we invite all Arcada engineering alumni to Arcada for an evening of discussions and networking! Arcada x Alumni: Alumni event for engineers will be held on Tuesday 11.3.2025 at 16.30–19.00. The event offers you the opportunity to hear about the current state of the job market and learn from alumni who will share their own journeys and career tips. You will also have the chance to reconnect with old friends and make new contacts. The program will be bilingual and will be held in both Swedish and English. Sign up for the alumni event here by 4th of March 2025. We look forward to meeting you and providing you with tools to advance your career! Panel discussion: Taking control of your career Moderator: Oscar Mansén (alumnus 2020). Participants: Alexander Clark (alumnus 2020), Tuomas Kohvakka (alumnus 2020), Simon Lintu (alumnus 2016) and Mittal Mehta (alumna 2022). 18.30–18.45 18.30–19.00 Shape your career - make conscious choices, Ulla Nyberg, career counsellor Mingle and snacks Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Discrimination in the Workplace? The EASWork project final seminar 26.02.2025 13:00-15:20 - Online or on-site at Arcada (room D4109) Programme Background Societal impact Join researchers from Arcada University of Applied Sciences, the Deaconess Foundation, and the University of Tartu on Wednesday, February 26th 2025 for a hybrid seminar and presentation of the results of the EASWork project. This will be an efficient and action-packed two-hour event. Welcome to the EASWork final seminar, where we will explore how workplace discrimination can be prevented by offering practical tools to create fair and inclusive work environments. The event will feature expert commentary, industry insights, and a panel discussion where participants can engage with researchers and guest speakers. Date: February 26, 2025Time: 13:00–15:20 (EET)Location: Hybrid event - online or on-site in room D4109 at Arcada University of Applied Sciences, Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 1, 00560 Helsinki.Language: The seminar will be held in English Registration for the event. (the participation link will be received closer to the event) 13:00–13:05 – Welcome and introduction 13:05–13:30 – Presentation EASWork Breaking Barriers – Inclusive Employment Practices for Refugees and Migrants in Finland and Estonia. Research Results & Recommendations.13:30–13:45 – Expert commentary Julio Orduña-Sanchez, CEO/Founder of Nite Labs Ltd13:45–14:00 – From Research to Practice: EASWork’s Collaboration with Companies14:00–14:20 – Perspectives from Finland and Estonia: Emma Huhtiniemi, Talent Operations Lead at Wunder (FIN) and Mare Heinluht, Diversity and Inclusion Manager at Bolt (EST)14.20-14.30 – Break14.30-15.00 – Q&A panel discussion: Insights and reflections on today’s topicsEmma Huhtiniemi, Talent Operations Lead at Wunder Mare Heinluht, Diversity and Inclusion Manager at Bolt (EST)Sofia Gylfe, researcher EASWorkOlena Denysenko, researcher EASWorkModerator: Suvi Autiosaari, EASWork coordinator, Vamos Vantaa, Deaconess foundation Finland 15.00-15.15 – Closing Remarks by Sandra Slotte, Senior Policy Advisor, Internationalisation at Arcada University of Applied Sciences15.15-15.20 – Wrap-up and Thank You's In a global environment where major corporations are rolling back diversity initiatives and some political movements have made attacking DEI a cornerstone issue of their platforms, organizations in Estonia and Finland appear to be on a different track. They are beginning to understand the value in having a diverse workforce and policies that support the acquisition and retention of foreign employees. The EASWork project has worked with companies to support them in their equality and inclusion efforts. In an increasingly interconnected world, businesses have the power to drive positive change by embracing diversity and inclusion. Yet, for many migrants in Estonia and Finland, the path to meaningful employment is fraught with challenges and discrimination. Learn how you can leverage the results of our project to use within your own organisation! At this hybrid-event, the EASWork team will share the results from the two phases of our project: interviewing migrants and refugees and working with companies to create more inclusive working environments. The event will feature expert commentary and feedback from local industry leaders and a Panel Q&A where you will have the opportunity to interact with the researchers and guest speakers. For more information about the EASWork project or to read our report based on the interviews we conducted, please visit our webspace: Homepage and the Report . EASWork is an Interreg / Central Baltic project. The project partners are: Arcada University of Applied Sciences (FIN) (Lead), Vamos Diakonissalaitos (FIN) and the University of Tartu (EST). Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Launch Event: Arcada for Ukraine 12.03.2025 12:00-13:00 - Arcada, the Big Square We warmly welcome you to the official launch of the Arcada for Ukraine campaign! The launch event will take place at the Big Square at Arcada on Wednesday, 12 March, at 12 p.m. Bring a friend and show your support for Ukraine! It has been three years since Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine. To show our continued support for Ukraine and make a real difference, Arcada is the first University of Applied Sciences in Finland to join the Caravan to Ukraine.The goal of our Arcada for Ukraine fundraiser is to raise 25,000 euro to fund an ambulance with equipment and provide vital aid to Ukraine. Bring a friend and show your support for the campaign by donating, asking questions, or learning more about the current situation in Ukraine and how we can make a difference together. You can also just show up to hang out! The event will present the Arcada for Ukraine campaign and provide information on the current situation in the country. You can also expect songs and music, speeches and information on upcoming events. During the day, the kitchen will also serve borscht, a soup originating from Ukraine. Do you feel that you already want to donate and contribute to our goal? Then you can donate to the project's MobilePay via the number 21745 or to bank account number FI91 4055 0017 7355 60 with reference 28011. All donations are going directly towards acquiring an ambulance with equipment, which will then be driven to Ukraine. Even a small donation makes a big difference! Collection permit: RA/2024/489 (Karavanen till Ukraina rf) Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Annual report 2024 Breadcrumb Main menu Key Figures Financial Report and Annual Review (in Swedish) File File In focus Rector's review Arcada's nursing programme – guided by heart and head The Arcada house - a unique meeting place for 20 years Nordic research co-operation in focus The year 2024 was marked by global uncertainty, but also by clear direction and a strong sense of purpose at Arcada. With a new strategy and a focus on internationalisation, research excellence, and societal engagement, the university of applied sciences took significant steps to reinforce its role as a leading advocate for education Below you can download the financial report and annual review in Swedish. Find out more about what happened at Arcada during the year by clicking on the links below. The year 2024 for Arcada was marked by continued engagement with the surrounding society, both nationally and internationally. Global challenges and societal shifts shaped the landscape for higher education, influencing Arcada’s daily operations. For the third consecutive year, Arcada’s nursing programme was voted the best in Finland by graduating students in 2024. What are the key factors behind the success of this popular programme, and how has it evolved over time? Bringing people together to collaborate and connect - that was the vision for the main building on Arcadas campus, which this year proudly celebrates 20 years. To mark the anniversary, the Arcada hosted an Open House, welcoming curious visitors to explore its vibrant campus, including the newly developed labs and simulation centres. With the digital society as a framework for Arcada's research, development and innovation (RDI) activities, Nordic co-operation has been a driving force over the past year. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual report 2024 The Arcada house - a unique meeting place for 20 years Highlights of 2024 Nordic research co-operation in focus Rector's review Arcada's nursing programme – guided by heart and head Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Highlights of 2024 Breadcrumb Highlights 2024 Here are some of the highlights of 2024 at Arcada. A 20th anniversary, a successfully completed quality audit and a new podcast . These are just some of the highlights at Arcada this year. Read about more highlights below. Click on the months to read the highlights. Arcada UAS has successfully passed the quality audit carried out by the National Centre for Educational Evaluation (NCU). The international audit team praises Arcada's strong commitment to its students. Arcada's Administrative Council has appointed new chairpersons and members for Arcada's trust bodies. There will be a clear continuity in the organisation, as all chairpersons have previously had a connection to the university. At the same time, both the Supervisory Board and the Board of Directors are strengthened with new forces. The annual joint alumni meeting is organised together with Hanken, Åbo Akademi University, Åland University, the University of Helsinki and Novia University of Applied Sciences. The theme of this year's meeting was AI - threat or opportunity. Teachers and first aid students from Arcada and OsloMet participated in the annual exchange week in Borås for the Nordparametics co-operation network. Among other things, their own systems for leadership in major accidents were presented and both students and teachers participated in a major accident exercise in a real exercise area in Lake Gutta. During the annual film event Pitch 24, Arcada students Pia Krogerus, Robin Dahlström and Sofia Palmén were awarded two of the competition's prizes for their production ‘Room number X’ - Kino Rental's equipment prize with a value of 3000 euros and AVEK's consultation prize. Arcada strengthens its management team with Professor Mark Dougherty as new Head of Academy. With his international background and broad experience in the higher education sector, Professor of Information Technology Mark Dougherty brings new strengths to the management of Arcada. In Arcada's media spaces, the 1561-kilometre charity relay is transformed into visibility for the organisation Caravan Ukraine. Arcada's cultural producers organise a pop-up exhibition at Arcada. The exhibition consists of a small collection of objects representing the cultural heritage of the future. The academic year 2024-2025 began in the traditional spirit with the opening of the academic year on Wednesday 4 September at Arcada. A special feature of this academic year is that the university is celebrating 20 years at the campus in Arabiastranden. Current phenomena in the healthcare industry are given visibility in Arcada's new podcast. Behind the studio microphones for ‘Healthcare Horizons - Behind the Scenes of Finnish Healthcare’ are Arcada lecturers Lotta Eronen and Mikaela Lindqvist.Arcada University of Applied Sciences and LAB University of Applied Sciences launch a joint English-language master's programme in emergency and primary care. Alumni of the Year 2024 Mikko Länsiluoto: As an entrepreneur, you can be a CEO and a plumber in the same day. Arcada's own staff and student choir, the Arkören, celebrated its 15th anniversary in 2024 with a big anniversary concert in October. Over the years, more than 100 singers have participated in the choir's activities for shorter or longer periods of time and experienced the singing community across study programmes and units. Arcada celebrates 20 years on campus with an open house event where visitors can familiarise themselves with all the university's lab and simulation environments. The Arcada Patient Safety and Learning Centre (APSLC) was a partner in an international research project, with Porto and Germany, on resuscitation compressions. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Highlights of 2024 Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu International Nurses Day 2025 12.05.2025 12:00-16:00 - Arcada Programme We welcome our students, alumni and partners to celebrate International Nurses Day with us 12 May at 12:00–16:00 at Arcada. This years theme highlights the importance of nurses’ health and wellbeing. Welcome to celebrate International Nurses Day with us! The International Council of Nursing has announced this year's theme as ‘Our Nurses. Our Future. Caring for nurses strengthens economies. By prioritizing the wellbeing of nurses, we are ensuring that they can continue to provide the high-quality care that is critical to the health of our communities’.This year’s theme highlights the importance of nurses’ health and wellbeing – a crucial factor for strong healthcare systems, better population health and sustainable societies. Building on the 2024 focus on the economic power of healthcare, this year we are highlighting how a healthy nursing workforce strengthens both healthcare and society. Arcada is celebrating this day with a seminar and workshops where this year’s theme runs as a common thread.We welcome our students, alumni and partners to celebrate International Nurses Day. The event will take place at Arcada Campus and is free for everyone. The Ulla and Kerstin Wegelius Scholarship Fund supports the celebration of this day. Due to a limited number of places for this event, and to know which workshop you would like to attend, you should register here by 5 May. Workshops: We reserve the right to make changes to the programme. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Take care of yourself: the importance of diet and exercise (in English and Swedish) Dance for Health (in English and Swedish) Building Resilience Resources in Nursing Work (in English) På tal om sömn (in Swedish) Strong and secure on the inside – to demand just the right amount and find your inner driving force (in English and Swedish) Nauruhyvinvointi: saat tietoa ja kokemusta naurun terveyttä ja hyvinvointia edistävistä vaikutuksista (in Finnish) Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Terms and conditions for registration and payment Breadcrumb Terms and conditions for registration and payment: Here you can find the terms and conditions for registration and payment for courses at Arcada Open University of Applied Sciences. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Open University Studies Open UAS Courses Terms and conditions for registration and payment The fee varies between 0-45€ per credit in accordance with the Government Decree on Fees Charged in the Activities of Universities of Applied Sciences (1440/2014, 1§). The fee includes registration, teaching, examinations and transcripts of records. The right to study is valid for two months after the end of the course. By paying the course fee, you accept Arcada's terms and conditions for registration and payment. The fee is paid in connection with the registration for the course. Your registration becomes binding when the course fee is paid. For non-stop courses it is not possible to cancel the registration free of charge. When the registration period for a course has ended, it is not possible to cancel free of charge. The full course fee must be paid. A course can be cancelled by Arcada if a sufficient number of participants is not filled, or due to unforeseeable events. Arcada reserves the right to make changes to the course information. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Graduation Ceremony 13.06.2025 15:00-17:00 - Arcada Arcada's graduation ceremony will be held on 13 June 2025, welcoming graduates and invited guests to campus to celebrate those who graduated between 1 January-31 May 2025. The event will also be streamed on Arcada's YouTube channel , and you are welcome to offer your congratulations in the comments section. Please note that only pre-registered guests will be able to participate on campus. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Virtual tour Breadcrumb Would you like to explore the Arcada building without physically visiting our campus? No problem! Hop on our virtual tour and wander freely in our modern and high-class spaces with just a few clicks. You have not yet given permission to place the required cookies. Accept the required cookies to view this content. Click here to view the accessible version of this interactive content Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Campus and study environments Virtual tour Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Arcada for Ukraine talent show 15.05.2025 17:15-20:00 - Arcada Programme for the evening: Welcome to Arcada's own talent show called Arcada Talents United – One Stage, One Purpose! The aim of this event is to raise funds for the Arcada for Ukraine campaign – join us and make a difference. Now is your chance to watch Arcada's own talent show and support the Arcada for Ukraine campaign at the same time! Bring a friend or relative and enjoy the evening's performances on 15 May at 17:15–20:00 at Arcada.Tickets are €30 for staff and others. Students, pensioners, and unemployed individuals receive a discounted price of €10. Buy your ticket and register here! Talent show in the Big Square Talent show in the Big Square Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Solo: Denise Villikka and piano accompaniment by Filip Levälahti Dance performance: Stephanie Rimmi Thai dance: Thanchanok Wikblad Medley: Hoang Thi Minh Phuong Comedy sketch: Denise Villikka Solo: Linh Le Solo: Madeleine Strandberg Band and sing-along: Lone Star Arcada Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Strategic Management Further education / Business Breadcrumb About the course: Course Topics By the end of this course, you will: Timetable Contact us about the course Christa Tigerstedt Ulla Nyberg In today’s dynamic business environment, the ability to think and act strategically is essential for long-term success and growth. Welcome to a course designed to support your transition from a specialist to a strategic business leader, equipped to guide organizations through complexity and change. This study unit focuses on building the following core competencies: This course offers a comprehensive journey through the principles and practices of strategic management, preparing you to lead with vision, agility, and impact in any business setting. Knowledge Skills Attitude This course offers a comprehensive journey through the principles and practices of strategic management, preparing you to lead with vision, agility, and impact in any business setting. Will be updated soon. Principal Lecturer in Business Administration E-mail: christa.tigerstedt@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 529 Career Counsellor E-mail: ulla.nyberg@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 553 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Strategic Management Price 100 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates Autumn 2025 Entry requirements A bachelor degree and at least two years work experience gained after completing the higher education degree. General Business Competence: Enhancing your ability to view business holistically and prepare for leadership roles beyond specialized functions. Strategic Leadership in Uncertainty: Developing the skills to manage and grow a business in constantly evolving conditions. The evolution of strategic thinking and the growth paradigm Megatrends shaping the future of business Classical and modern strategic tools Vision building and Blue Ocean Strategy Business model innovation and reinvention Must-Win Battles and strategic priorities Corporate culture’s role in strategy execution Leadership roles in strategy: the board, CEO, and executive team Strategy responses for companies in distress Gain a foundational understanding of how strategic thinking has evolved within the field of business management. Become familiar with essential strategy concepts, analytical models, and decision-making processes relevant to business leadership. Develop insight into megatrends, business model transformation, and growth strategies. Be able to apply strategic tools to evaluate a company’s internal and external environment. Learn to design actionable strategies for organizational change. Connect your role and strategic actions to broader governance and corporate culture dynamics. Cultivate a broad, forward-looking perspective on strategic opportunities while learning to critically challenge prevailing assumptions. Recognize the importance of collaboration and communication as key drivers of successful strategic transformation. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Digital Marketing Strategy Further education / Business Breadcrumb Digital Marketing Strategy About the course: Course Topics By the end of this course, you will: Timetable Contact us about the course Christa Tigerstedt Ulla Nyberg How do businesses stand out, connect with customers, and stay competitive in an increasingly digital world? This course is designed to equip you with the strategic insight, analytical tools, and practical skills necessary to navigate and lead in the fast-paced world of digital marketing. Please sign up to the course here no later than 3.11.2025 During this course you will build competencies that are vital for professionals operating in an increasingly digital and globally connected business environment such as: Throughout the course, we will cover: Knowledge Skills Attitude This course offers a strategic, hands-on approach to mastering digital marketing in today’s business environment. You will gain the tools and mindset needed to drive results, communicate with impact, and contribute to digital transformation efforts in any organization. Principal Lecturer in Business Administration E-mail: christa.tigerstedt@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 529 Career Counsellor E-mail: ulla.nyberg@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 553 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Digital Marketing Strategy Price 100 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 17.11.2025-05.12.2025 Last application date 03.11.2025 Entry requirements A bachelor degree and at least two years work experience gained after completing the higher education degree. Digital Transformation Competence: Understand how digitalization reshapes the marketing and business landscape. Expertise in Digital Marketing: Gain hands-on knowledge of modern marketing tools, platforms, and consumer engagement strategies. Global Business Communication and Teamwork: Strengthen your ability to communicate effectively and respectfully in diverse, international business settings. The digital marketing landscape: paid, earned, and owned media Online consumer behavior and behavior change models Technology adoption and user experience Social media strategy and content marketing Online advertising and search engine optimization (SEO) Neuromarketing and eye tracking Strategic digital marketing frameworks Understand key theories and models that explain user behavior, behavior change, and technology adoption. Be able to analyze online consumer behavior using multiple frameworks. Explore the components of the digital marketing landscape—including paid, earned, and owned media—and how to build traffic and visibility online. Know how to evaluate and assess digital marketing performance. Appreciate the importance of ethical and high-standard communication in a professional context. Be able to assess the digital needs of a business, evaluate potential solutions, and communicate your analysis in a clear and professional format. Gain practical skills in developing and implementing digital marketing strategies and online advertising techniques. Learn how to apply technology frameworks to analyze the digital business environment. Adopt a polished, respectful communication style in both written and spoken formats. Take an open, exploratory approach to digital technologies such as social media, content marketing, and UX design. Develop a constructive, critical mindset for solving challenges related to digital transformation. Build an awareness of cultural differences and appropriate conduct across global business interactions. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Data-driven Financial Management Further education / Business Breadcrumb Data-driven Financial Management About the course: By the end of this course, you will: Timetable Contact us about the course Christa Tigerstedt Ulla Nyberg How can financial data become a strategic driver of business success in a fast-changing world? This course will equip you with the knowledge and practical skills to harness financial data for informed and impactful decision-making. Please sign up to the course no later than 22.9.2025. In today’s business environment, finance is no longer just about compliance—it is a key enabler of innovation, strategy, and sustainable growth. During this course, you will build the following core competencies: Knowledge Skills Approach This course combines theory, pre-assignments, and applied exercises to help you build real-world capabilities. By the end, you will be able to contribute to your organization’s financial strategy and support its transformation into a data-driven, forward-looking enterprise. Principal Lecturer in Business Administration E-mail: christa.tigerstedt@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 529 Career Counsellor E-mail: ulla.nyberg@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 553 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Data-driven Financial Management Price 100 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 06.10.2025-09.11.2025 Last application date 22.09.2025 Entry requirements A Bachelor's degree and at least two years of work experience gained after completing the higher education degree. Digital Business Competence: Learn to use financial data in digital business contexts to support strategic goals. Financial Analysis Skills: Develop the ability to interpret financial statements, analyze performance, and conduct budgeting and investment calculations. Strategic and Ethical Decision-Making: Apply financial insights in a way that supports long-term business value while embracing ethical standards and sustainability. Gain an advanced understanding of financial operations and how they support overall business performance. Understand financial accounting, cost accounting, budgeting, investment analysis, and the role of the finance function—both in statutory responsibilities and in strategic business support. Develop the ability to see how financial management integrates with other business areas and contributes to broader organizational objectives. Learn to communicate in financial terms and interpret both internal and external financial reports. Develop the ability to make advanced business decisions using financial data and prepare key calculations to support those decisions. Enhance your communication style to be both polished and professional in written and spoken contexts. Treat the finance function as a collaborative partner in driving business value. Adopt a data-informed mindset, recognizing the importance of financial analysis in every major decision. Become more aware of global business etiquette and demonstrate cultural sensitivity in financial and strategic discussions. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu AI for Business Further education / Business Breadcrumb AI for Business About the course: By the end of this course, you will: Timetable Contact us about the course Christa Tigerstedt Ulla Nyberg How can leaders harness the power of artificial intelligence to make better decisions and build more resilient, inclusive, and sustainable organizations? As AI and data science continue to transform industries, leaders must develop the ability to make fact-based decisions, navigate technological change, and lead with purpose. Welcome to a forward-thinking course designed to equip you with essential competencies for today’s complex and data-rich business environment. Please sign up to the course no later than 25.8.2025. In this study unit you will explore cutting-edge AI technologies, tools, and trends, learning to leverage AI for ethical data-driven decision-making. Knowledge Skills Attitude Principal Lecturer in Business Administration E-mail: christa.tigerstedt@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 529 Career Counsellor E-mail: ulla.nyberg@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 553 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar AI for Business Price 100 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 11-27.09.2025 Last application date 25.08.2025 understand advanced AI principles, technologies, and their strategic applications across business domains. understand modern AI trends in business and research. understand and apply scientific theories in AI research. understand the ethical implications and the importance, considerations, and impacts of trustworthy AI. gain practical expertise in utilizing AI tools and methodologies for sophisticated decision-making and data analysis tasks. critically assess the ethical implications of AI deployment, engaging in debates to enhance responsible AI practices. refine your presentation and analytical abilities through detailed case studies and research projects, demonstrating proficiency in AI-driven business strategies. adopt a positive exploratory approach toward the use of AI in businesses. develop a critical attitude toward AI tools, focusing on trustworthy AI. increase your awareness of and sensitivity to contemporary AI trends, research developments, and theoretical frameworks to stay informed about cutting-edge advancements. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Leadership Further education / Business Breadcrumb Leadership About the course: By the end of this course, you will: Course delivery: Timetable Contact us about the course Christa Tigerstedt Ulla Nyberg What does it take to lead people in today’s global, digital, and knowledge-driven work environment? As organizations become more collaborative, international, and reliant on expertise, leadership is no longer about command and control — it’s about enabling people to grow. Welcome to a course designed to help you develop the skills, knowledge, and mindset required to lead effectively in complex, modern workplaces. Please sign up to the course here no later than 20.10.2025! In this study unit, you will build the following core competencies: The course also contributes to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) 5 (Gender Equality), 8 (Decent Work and Economic Growth), and 9 (Industry, Innovation, and Infrastructure). Knowledge Skills Attitude This course is delivered primarily through face-to-face lectures and active collaboration. Attendance is highly recommended, and students must attend at least 50% of sessions to pass. Participation in guest lectures is mandatory. This course is your opportunity to build a strong foundation in leadership for the modern world—one that values communication, collaboration, and a deep understanding of people and culture. Principal Lecturer in Business Administration E-mail: christa.tigerstedt@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 529 Career Counsellor E-mail: ulla.nyberg@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 553 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Leadership Price 100 € + 0% VAT Delivery method On-campus Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 05-28.11.2025 Last application date 20.10.2025 Entry requirements A bachelor degree and at least two years work experience gained after completing the higher education degree. Leadership in Knowledge-Based Workplaces: Learn how to support self-directed individuals and teams in achieving their goals. International Business Conduct: Understand and navigate intercultural differences in global work settings. Professional Communication: Strengthen your written and spoken business communication skills. Team Collaboration: Gain practical experience in working effectively within diverse and dynamic teams. Understand contemporary leadership approaches and the challenges of self-directed work. Explore how cultural differences influence leadership and teamwork. Identify key drivers of well-being, motivation, and innovation in the workplace. Appreciate the importance of maintaining high standards in communication and professional conduct. Learn to address organizational change and support remote work effectively. Improve your communication, feedback, and conflict resolution skills. Use self-diagnostic tools for reflection and leadership development. Build presentation skills and practice respectful, polished communication. Adopt ethically grounded principles for managing and supporting people. Develop a habit of self-reflection to grow as a leader. Cultivate an openness to questioning traditional ideas of leadership. Become more aware of cultural differences and respectful codes of conduct in international business encounters. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Digital and Sustainable Business Development Further education / Business Breadcrumb Digital and Sustainable Business Development About the course: Course Contents: Learning Outcomes: Timetable Contact us about the course Christa Tigerstedt Ulla Nyberg What does it take to move from being a specialist to a strategic leader in today’s rapidly evolving business environment? In today’s interconnected and data-rich economy, companies must rethink how they create value, compete, and grow. This course prepares you to lead that change. Please sign up to the course here no later than 29.09.2025! The course aims to deepen your knowledge and understanding of various business models, including their digital, sustainable and innovative aspects. This course combines lectures and practical exercises focused on: After completing this course, you will have gained knowledge, skills, and a strategic mindset across the following areas: Knowledge Skills Attitude Principal Lecturer in Business Administration E-mail: christa.tigerstedt@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 529 Career Counsellor E-mail: ulla.nyberg@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 553 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Digital and Sustainable Business Development Price 100 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 16.10.2025-01.11.2025 Last application date 29.09.2025 Generic business strategies Disruptive innovation Business model development Sustainable development Platform business models Basics of AI, machine learning, and analytics You understand and can critically assess new business models and business activities emerging through digitalization and sustainable transformation in different industries. You understand the impact of sustainable development on business models. You explore how digital technologies facilitate the sustainable transition of business models. You adopt a holistic perspective of the business as a leader, understanding the integration and interdependence of various functions. You integrate and evaluate the impact of digital and sustainable solutions on business models. You develop well-argued perspectives and ideas on business development, grounded in academic literature and practices, and communicate them effectively through presentations. You adopt a broad perspective on business development and its impact on customers and other stakeholders. You take an exploratory approach toward utilizing technology in businesses. You cultivate a critical yet positive perspective on sustainable and digital transformation in business. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Instructions before starting the course Breadcrumb Quick links Activate your Arcada IT Account Course learning platform itslearning Access to Campus Questions? The following information is for students completing courses at Arcada UAS through open university of applied sciences courses, continuing education or cross-institutional studies, e.g. Campus Online or through other teaching cooperation networks. Please review the instructions below before the course starts. Once your enrollment to one of Arcada’s courses is accepted, you will need to take the following steps: To get started with your studies, you need to activate your Arcada IT account to get an Arcada user ID. You can activate your IT Account only after you have received confirmation of your enrollment to a course. To ensure a smooth start to your studies, we suggest you do it as soon as it is possible. You can activate your Arcada IT account here . You need to identify yourself with bank codes or some other electronic identity. With your Arcada user ID, you can access the course learning platform itslearning . You will find instructions on how to get started with the learning platform on our page for students. If you have registered for a course that requires access to Arcada’s campus, you will need a mobile key. More information about the mobile key can be found here. If you encounter problems with activating the Arcada IT account or accessing itslearning, please contact IT-support . If you have any questions about the registration for a specific cross-institutional studies course, please contact ristiinopiskelu@arcada.fi. If you have any questions about the course you are taking, please contact the course teacher firstname.lastname@arcada.fi. The course’s teachers are listed in the course description. Good luck with your studies! Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Instructions before starting the course Activate your Arcada IT Account Course learning platform itslearning Access to Campus Questions? Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Additional application 2025 Breadcrumb Main menu On these pages you can find information on how to apply to degree programmes starting in autumn 2025. The application period for the additional application will be 24.7–4.8.2025 and the studies commence in August 2025. All applications to Arcada are submitted online via the Finnish national application portal Studyinfo . All required documents are to be uploaded and submitted with the application. Detailed information regarding the application process and eligibility criteria for each programme can be found using the quick links on this page. Direct links to the application forms will be available during the application periods. Note that the list of programmes may still be updated. Note also that if you have already accepted a study place in an application to a university of applied sciences or university in Finland this spring, you can not apply in this additional application. The bachelor's programmes that will be included in the additional application are: The master's programmes that will be included in the additional application are: Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Additional application 2025 Apply to Information Technology Apply to International Business Apply to Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering Apply to Nursing TopUp Apply to Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership Apply to Healthcare Leadership Information Technology, 10 places International Business, 20 places Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering, 15 places Nursing TopUp , 10 places Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership, 20 places Healthcare Leadership full-time, 5 places Healthcare Leadership part-time, 5 places Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Apply to Information Technology Breadcrumb Quick links Admission through entrance exam on campus What you are allowed/required to bring to the entrance exam Requirements for admission Admission through certificate-based application English language requirements Mandatory documents to be uploaded in the application Tuition fees and accepting the offer of a study place Here you will find detailed information on how to apply to Arcada's bachelor's programme in Information Technology in the additional application 24.7-4.8.2025. There will be an additional application for studies beginning in autumn 2025 for the bachelor's programme in Information Technology and it will be open from 24 July at 9 AM (UTC+3) to 4 August 2025 at 3 PM (UTC+3). The introduction day will be held on 22 August. All attachments need to be uploaded in the application and verifiable by 8 August at 12 PM (noon) Finnish time. If there are attachments missing after this deadline the application will be promptly rejected. *Note that if you have already accepted a study place in an application to a university of applied sciences or university in Finland this spring, you can not apply in this additional application. There are two different paths of admission in this application and an applicant can choose to participate in both of them to enhance their chances of being accepted. The paths of admission are: Applicants can sign up for the entrance exam on campus that will be held on 14 August. The exam starts at 9.15 and applicants are expected to be on campus no later than 9.00 AM. If you do not reside in Finland or within the EU it might be difficult to obtain a visa to participate in the entrance exam. The 1-hour English entrance exam consists of three sections: grammar, reading comprehension, and a short essay. The 2-hour Information Technology entrance exam includes 12 questions, out of which students must answer any 10. The questions are distributed as follows: 6 in Mathematics, 2 in Physics, and 4 in Information Technology. The exam is designed to reflect the level of a national upper high school curriculum.Mathematics topics may include fractions, geometry, trigonometry, graphs, equations, functions, and algebra.Physics topics are based on Newton's laws, kinematics, forces, momentum, and energy.Information Technology covers algorithmic and logical thinking. No aids such as MAOL books or calculators are permitted during the exam. If an applicant wants to apply to several programmes they will be expected to complete a math portion for each programme. The engineering math entrance exams both last two hours, so if an applicant applies to both International Business and Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering the total length of the exam will be four hours. If an applicant applies to all three programmes the length of the test will be six hours. We recommend each applicant to consider carefully which programme they are mostly interested in and only apply to that one. Invitations to the entrance exam on campus will be sent out one week before the entrance exam. Each applicant is required to bring a photo ID to the entrance exam and present it upon arrival. A list of accepted IDs: Applicants can also use an expired ID or passport if it has expired less than a year ago. For example an ID that expired on 15.8.2024 is still acceptable. You must be identifiable from the picture on the ID. You need to present the physical ID, a picture of an ID is not accepted. Applicants should bring a pen and eraser to the entrance exam, and are also allowed to bring drinks or snacks. Applicants are allowed to use a basic calculator in the International Business entrance exam, but no calculators are allowed in the engineering entrance exams. Applicants eligibility will be checked only for those who pass the entrance exam. To apply to Arcada you need one of the following (as stated in Polytechnics Act 932/2014) and it should be uploaded in the application at the time of submission: To apply in this certificate-based application, you will need the following: Applicants completing any of the above mentioned degrees in Summer 2025 or earlier can be considered in this certificate-based application. Note that all applicants must also prove their English language skills, and meet the threshold criteria as explained below. If the applicant does not have any of the above-mentioned educational backgrounds, or they do not meet the English language or threshold criteria they can not apply or be considered for admission in this admissions' path but must instead apply with one of the alternative admissions' methods. Student selection is based on the points for the Finnish Matriculation examination, International Baccalaureate, European Baccalaureate, Deutsches Internationales Abitur/Reifeprüfung or on the Finnish vocational certificate issued after 1 August 2015. Arcada UAS follows the scoring models from the UAS webpage . Threshold requirements DP in Information Technology: All applicants must also prove their English language skills. The following are accepted as proof of skills in English: The documents must be uploaded in the application and verifiable per 8 August at 12 PM (noon) Finnish time. The tuition fees for Arcada's bachelor's programmes starting in 2025 is 11 000 euro/year. An admitted student can receive an early-bird discount of €2,000 on the tuition fees for the first academic year by bindingly accepting the study place offered by Arcada in the additional application and paying the tuition fee within 7 days. You can read more about Arcada's tuition fees and scholarships on this webpage. You need to accept your offer of a study place and pay the tuition fee (if applicable) within 7 days of admission. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Additional application 2025 Apply to Information Technology Admission through entrance exam on campus Admission through certificate-based application English language requirements Mandatory documents to be uploaded in the application Tuition fees and accepting the offer of a study place entrance exam on campus in Helsinki 14 August through certificate-based admission for Finnish matriculation examination, Finnish vocational education, International Baccalaureate (IB) diploma education, European Baccalaureate (EB) education or Reifeprüfung/Deutsches Internationales Abitur Passport Finnish picture ID issued by the police Finnish driver's license Picture ID from EU/EEA country Finnish Matriculation examination or/and Finnish upper secondary education, EB, IB or Reifeprüfung examination Finnish upper secondary vocational education A non-Finnish degree or qualification which gives eligibility for higher education in the degree awarding country Higher education degree. A Finnish Matriculation examination Finnish vocational upper secondary education completed after 1.8.2015. NB: Competence-based qualifications are not taken into account in certificate-based selection. International Baccalaureate (IB) diploma education (IBO) European Baccalaureate (EB) education completed at a European school Reifeprüfung/Deutsches Internationales Abitur Finnish Matriculation examination/ IB/ EB: minimum grade A in advanced math or grade C in basic math. Equivalent grades for the IB/EB /Reifeprufung examinations Finnish vocational education: minimum grade 3 (on a scale of 1-3) or 4 (on a scale of 1-5) in Knowledge in math and science (Kunnande i matematik och naturvetenskap/Matematiikan ja luonnontieteiden osaaminen) Finnish Matriculation examination: grade C (advanced syllabus). If your matriculation score does not meet the requirements you must submit another certificate of language proficiency. Completed International Baccalaureate Education with the exception of career-oriented courses. Medium of instruction needs to have been English. Completed European Baccalaureate Education with medium of instruction being English or a minimum grade of 6.00 in L2 English. Reifeprüfung/DIA diploma completed in Finland, with a minimum grade of 7 in advanced English. Finnish vocational education completed in English High school, bachelor's or master's degree completed in English in an EU/EEA country, or in the UK, Ireland, USA, Canada, South Africa, Australia or New Zealand, excluding online degrees and offshore campuses. A minimum 60% of the degree must have been completed on location in one of the before mentioned countries. Cambridge ESOL’s tests B2 First (First Certificate in English) Cambridge Advanced: minimum score 170 include your Candidate ID and Candidate Secret number when sending your results to Arcada include your Candidate ID and Candidate Secret number when sending your results to Arcada Pearson Test of English Academic or Academic online: minimum score 51 results are accepted only when sent through the online PTE account and are valid for two years results are accepted only when sent through the online PTE account and are valid for two years IELTS / IELTS online ; academic: minimum overall band score 6.0 valid for two years valid for two years TOEFL Internet-based or Home Edition test: minimum score 79 test result must arrive directly from the Educational Testing Service through Arcada's TOEFL code 5724 valid for two years test result must arrive directly from the Educational Testing Service through Arcada's TOEFL code 5724 valid for two years Proof of English language proficiency that can be verified by 8 August (except for those completing the entrance exam) Valid ID Documents that exempt from tuition fees (if applicable) Documents of eligibility such as upper secondary education, bachelor's or master's degree. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Apply through online path Breadcrumb Quick links Who can apply? Requirements Fees Information about International Business Course list Information about Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering Course list Application step by step Application to online path 24 July – 4 August 2025 Pay online path tuition fee by 14 August 2025 Introduction days Complete courses during period 1 Application in Studyinfo 27 October – 10 November 2025 Admissions results Apply for residence permit Complete courses during period 2 January 2026 – studies begin On this page you will find information on how to apply to Arcada through online open path studies in autumn 2025. Arcada is introducing a new online path programme which is set to start in August 2025. By completing 30 ECTS of online open path studies during autumn 2025 applicants can apply to be admitted to International Business or Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering. The application is open 24 July–4 August 2025. This online programme is a flexible and supportive path into business or engineering studies. It is designed for anyone who dreams of studying at university of applied sciences (UAS) but may feel unsure about applying through traditional admissions. Here, you don't compete with others — instead, you prove your ability by studying actual first-year courses, in English, at your own pace. If you succeed, you are eligible to continue directly into one of the degree programmes. The only requirements for being accepted to one of the online path programmes are: There are no language requirements, but applicants are strongly recommended to have English at a minimum of level B2 in order to successfully complete the online path studies. The fee for the online path is €3,500 (autumn semester) and €5,500 for the studies on campus (spring semester). Since the online path consists of open UAS studies all applicants are required to pay for the 30 ECTS and an applicant can not gain a student status while completing the path. An applicant can apply to become a degree-status student after completing the path. See below for more information on the process. The tuition fees and scholarships for admitted students in 2025 will apply to those admitted through the online path starting from the second year. An application fee of €100 is also to be paid when applying for degree student status. Please check our Tuition fees and scholarships page for more information. The online path has 50 study places reserved for the International Business programme. Study places to online path are granted in order of registration. Applicants who wish to be considered for admission as a degree student to International Business are required to complete the following courses through the online path programme during autumn 2025: Applicants are not required to receive more than a passing grade to be eligible to apply for degree student status, but the grades will affect chances of future scholarships. More information about the International Business programme and the structure of studies can be found here. The online path has 30 study places reserved for the Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering programme. Study places to online path are granted in order of registration. Applicants who wish to be considered for admission as a degree student to Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering are required to complete the following courses through the online path programme during autumn 2025: Applicants are not required to receive more than a passing grade to be eligible to apply for degree student status, but the grades will affect chances of future scholarships. More information about the Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering programme and the structure of studies can be found here. The list below is our application process for online path to the International Business (IB) and Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering (MSE) programmes in a nutshell. It gives you an overview of how to apply. You can click on the programme-specific pages for a list of courses and programme-specific information. The application opens on 24 July at 9 AM (EEST) and closes on 4 August at 15.00 (EEST). The applicant needs to submit a national ID card issued in an EU/EEA country or copy of a valid passport and documents of completed upper secondary education. Link to application will be posted here when the application is open. Applicants are chosen in order of registration, so it is better to apply early. An applicant can apply to both programmes and if granted a study place they can choose which programme they wish to enroll in. Applicants who receive a spot will be sent a second form where they bindingly accept the study place along with payment instructions. All payments are made through Arcada's partner Flywire. Applicants who have received an offer of a study place in the online path programme will receive instructions on how to complete the payment through Flywire. The payment of €3,500 needs to be completed by 14 August to secure a spot in one of the online path programmes. Applicants will also need to choose which programme to bindingly enroll in if they have received a spot in both programmes. If the payment is not completed by 14 August the study spot will be offered to the applicant who is next in line and they will have seven days to complete the payment. Applicants will need to participate in an online introduction regarding the studies and being a student at Arcada. The online sessions will be arranged during the end of August. More information will follow soon. Applicants complete the three mandatory courses in period 1 with a passing grade. The application to become a degree student at Arcada will be 27 October–10 November 2025 in Studyinfo. A link to the application will be provided here. Applicants will be required to upload their ID and a transcript of the studies completed through the online path at Arcada. Applicants who have completed the mandatory courses in period 1 and applied through Studyinfo will be offered conditional admission to either International Business or Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering starting from January 2026. The offer is contingent on applicants paying the spring semester's tuition fee of €5,500 before 27 November 2025 and completing the mandatory courses in period 2. Committed applicants are recommended to start applying for a residence permit as soon as they have accepted the offer to become a degree student at Arcada. Receiving a student visa can be a lengthy process, so it is better to start early so students will be able to attend spring classes on campus. Applicants complete the three mandatory courses in period 2 with a passing grade. If a student is not able to complete all six classes during autumn 2025 the offer of a study place will be withdrawn. Studies commence on campus in January 2026. If a student is unable to arrive in Finland in January some of the courses in period 3 will also be arranged online, but students are urged to arrive in Finland as soon as possible. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Bachelor's Application Apply through online path Who can apply? Fees Information about International Business Information about Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering Application step by step having a completed upper secondary education or university degree (bachelor's or master's) and paying the online path fee of €3,500 by 14 August 2025. Technology and Learning AS-1-044, period 1 Business Mathematics and Statistics AB-1-017, period 1 Introduction to Business Administration AB-1-016, period 1 Introduction to Marketing AB-1-018, period 2 Introduction to Accounting AB-1-024, period 2 Teamwork and Innovation AS-1-045, period 2 Technology and Learning AS-1-044, period 1 Engineering Chemistry GT‑2‑013, period 1 Introduction to programming and automation GT‑2‑024, period 1 Teamwork and Innovation AS-1-045, period 2 Linear algebra PM‑2‑026, period 2 Technical Drawing PM‑2‑030, period 2 Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Apply to Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering Breadcrumb Quick links Admission through entrance exam on campus What you are allowed/required to bring to the entrance exam Requirements for admission Admission through SAT + proof of English language proficiency Arcada's SAT requirements Admission through OMPT-G + proof of English language proficiency OMPT discount Admission through certificate-based application English language requirements Mandatory documents to be uploaded in the application Tuition fees and accepting the offer of a study place On this page you will find important information on how to apply to the bachelor's degree programme Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering. There will be an additional application for studies beginning in autumn 2025 for the bachelor's programme in Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering and it will be open from 24 July at 9 AM (UTC+3) to 4 August 2025 at 3 PM (UTC+3). The classes during autumn 2025 will be arranged in a hybrid model so international applicants will be able to participate online even if they are not able to arrive in Finland by August 2025. The hybrid introduction day will be held on 22 August. All attachments need to be uploaded in the application and verifiable by 8 August at 12 PM (noon) Finnish time. If there are attachments missing after this deadline the application will be promptly rejected. *Note that if you have already accepted a study place in an application to a university of applied sciences or university in Finland this spring, you can not apply in this additional application. There are four different paths of admission in this application and an applicant can choose to participate in several of them to enhance their chances of being accepted. The paths of admission are: Applicants can sign up for the entrance exam on campus that will be held on 14 August. The exam starts at 9.15 and applicants are expected to be on campus no later than 9.00 AM. If you do not reside in Finland or within the EU it might be difficult to obtain a visa to participate in the entrance exam, so we recommend choosing a different path of admission such as the SAT or OMPT. The 1-hour English entrance exam consists of three sections: grammar, reading comprehension, and a short essay. The 2-hour Engineering entrance exam includes 12 questions, out of which students must answer any 10. The questions are distributed as follows: 8 in Mathematics, 2 in Physics, and 2 in Chemistry. The exam is designed to reflect the level of a national upper high school curriculum. Mathematics topics may include fractions, geometry, trigonometry, graphs, equations, functions, and algebra.Physics topics are based on Newton's laws, kinematics, forces, momentum, and energy.Chemistry topics cover basic chemical reactions, the periodic table, atomic structure, and introductory stoichiometry. No aids such as MAOL books or calculators are permitted during the exam. If an applicant wants to apply to several programmes they will be expected to complete a math portion for each programme. The engineering math entrance exams both last two hours, so if an applicant applies to both International Business and Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering the total length of the exam will be four hours. If an applicant applies to all three programmes the length of the test will be six hours. We recommend each applicant to consider carefully which programme they are mostly interested in and only apply to that one. Invitations to the entrance exam on campus will be sent out one week before the entrance exam. Each applicant is required to bring a photo ID to the entrance exam and present it upon arrival. A list of accepted IDs: Applicants can also use an expired ID or passport if it has expired less than a year ago. For example an ID that expired on 15.8.2024 is still acceptable. You must be identifiable from the picture on the ID. You need to present the physical ID, a picture of an ID is not accepted. Applicants should bring a pen and eraser to the entrance exam, and are also allowed to bring drinks or snacks. Applicants are allowed to use a basic calculator in the International Business entrance exam, but no calculators are allowed in the engineering entrance exams. Applicants eligibility will be checked only for those who pass the entrance exam. To apply to Arcada you need one of the following (as stated in Polytechnics Act 932/2014) and it should be uploaded in the application at the time of submission: In this admissions' path you can apply with a previously taken SAT test and proof of English language proficiency. The SAT is used in admission for the degree programmes in International Business and Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering. The SAT is an international test administered by the College Board. Please read more about the SAT test here. If you have not taken the SAT yet, then it is too late to do so now and you can choose to apply through the OMPT-G test or attend the entrance exam on campus if you are in Finland. Read more about the OMPT test below. The SAT test required for admission to Arcada consists of: The essay included in the SAT test is not required when applying to Arcada. Subject test is not accepted. The minimum accepted scores are: Applicants will not be ranked by the scores, but instead all applicants who meet the requirements will be offered admission as soon as both the SAT test and the proof of English language proficiency has been verified. In addition to including your score when submitting your application, you must also order an official SAT score report straight from the test organiser. If you have already completed a SAT test, you must request a score to be delivered to Arcada directly. Read more about how to send the SAT score. Arcada's SAT code is 7151. In this admissions' path you can apply with an OMPT-G test and proof of English language proficiency. An applicant can only apply to Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering with the OMPT-G test, since the International Business programme uses a different OMPT version for admission. Note that you may not submit your application without including a copy of your OMPT score. You must therefore have taken the OMPT test, and already received your score before you can apply. The OMPT test is an online admissions test, which has been used for higher education institutions' international admission. The OMPT can be taken from anywhere, at any time. Please read more on the OMPT test here. When registering for the OMPT test, you will be directed to the right version of the test when selecting which of Arcada's bachelor's programme you are applying to. Register for the test OMPT test here . Arcada allows for three attempts of the OMPT test in order to achieve our pass requirement of 55 % for one of the tests. All OMPT results will be verified through the OMPT database. Applicants will not be ranked by the scores, but instead all applicants who meet the requirements will be offered admission as soon as both the OMPT test and the proof of English language proficiency has been verified. Arcada provides a 230 euro deduction on the first year's tuition fee for students who are admitted based on the OMPT test + interview and accept their study place offer. This is to cover the costs associated with one test attempt. This deduction is applied automatically without any action needed from the student and is only applicable to tuition fee paying students. The amount cannot be increased, regardless of how many attempts or tests the applicant has taken. To apply in this certificate-based application, you will need the following: Applicants completing any of the above mentioned degrees in Summer 2025 or earlier can be considered in this certificate-based application. Note that all applicants must also prove their English language skills, and meet the threshold criteria as explained below. If the applicant does not have any of the above-mentioned educational backgrounds, or they do not meet the English language or threshold criteria they can not apply or be considered for admission in this admissions' path but must instead apply with one of the alternative admissions' methods. Student selection is based on the points for the Finnish Matriculation examination, International Baccalaureate, European Baccalaureate, Deutsches Internationales Abitur/Reifeprüfung or on the Finnish vocational certificate issued after 1 August 2015. Arcada UAS follows the scoring models from the UAS webpage . Threshold requirements DP in Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering: All applicants must also prove their English language skills. The following are accepted as proof of skills in English: The documents must be uploaded in the application and verifiable per 8 August at 12 PM (noon) Finnish time. The tuition fees for Arcada's bachelor's programmes starting in 2025 is 11 000 euro/year. An admitted student can receive an early-bird discount of €2,000 on the tuition fees for the first academic year by bindingly accepting the study place offered by Arcada in the additional application and paying the tuition fee within 7 days. You can read more about Arcada's tuition fees and scholarships on this webpage. You need to accept your offer of a study place and pay the tuition fee (if applicable) within 7 days of admission. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Additional application 2025 Apply to Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering Admission through entrance exam on campus Admission through SAT + proof of English language proficiency Admission through OMPT-G + proof of English language proficiency Admission through certificate-based application English language requirements Mandatory documents to be uploaded in the application Tuition fees and accepting the offer of a study place entrance exam on campus in Helsinki 14 August through SAT + proof of English language through OMPT-G + proof of English language through certificate-based admission for Finnish matriculation examination, Finnish vocational education, International Baccalaureate (IB) diploma education, European Baccalaureate (EB) education or Reifeprüfung/Deutsches Internationales Abitur Passport Finnish picture ID issued by the police Finnish driver's license Picture ID from EU/EEA country Finnish Matriculation examination or/and Finnish upper secondary education, EB, IB or Reifeprüfung examination Finnish upper secondary vocational education A non-Finnish degree or qualification which gives eligibility for higher education in the degree awarding country Higher education degree. reading, writing and language test math test Total minimum score: 1100 points Reading, writing and language test: Minimum score 500 points Math: Minimum score 550 points for Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering A Finnish Matriculation examination Finnish vocational upper secondary education completed after 1.8.2015. NB: Competence-based qualifications are not taken into account in certificate-based selection. International Baccalaureate (IB) diploma education (IBO) European Baccalaureate (EB) education completed at a European school Reifeprüfung/Deutsches Internationales Abitur Finnish Matriculation examination/ IB/ EB: minimum grade A in advanced math or grade C in basic math. Equivalent grades for the IB/EB /Reifeprufung examinations Finnish vocational education: minimum grade 3 (on a scale of 1-3) or 4 (on a scale of 1-5) in Knowledge in math and science (Kunnande i matematik och naturvetenskap/Matematiikan ja luonnontieteiden osaaminen) Finnish Matriculation examination: grade C (advanced syllabus). If your matriculation score does not meet the requirements you must submit another certificate of language proficiency. Completed International Baccalaureate Education with the exception of career-oriented courses. Medium of instruction needs to have been English. Completed European Baccalaureate Education with medium of instruction being English or a minimum grade of 6.00 in L2 English. Reifeprüfung/DIA diploma completed in Finland, with a minimum grade of 7 in advanced English. Finnish vocational education completed in English High school, bachelor's or master's degree completed in English in an EU/EEA country, or in the UK, Ireland, USA, Canada, South Africa, Australia or New Zealand, excluding online degrees and offshore campuses. A minimum 60% of the degree must have been completed on location in one of the before mentioned countries. Cambridge ESOL’s tests B2 First (First Certificate in English) Cambridge Advanced: minimum score 170 include your Candidate ID and Candidate Secret number when sending your results to Arcada include your Candidate ID and Candidate Secret number when sending your results to Arcada Pearson Test of English Academic or Academic online: minimum score 51 results are accepted only when sent through the online PTE account and are valid for two years results are accepted only when sent through the online PTE account and are valid for two years IELTS / IELTS online ; academic: minimum overall band score 6.0 valid for two years valid for two years TOEFL Internet-based or Home Edition test: minimum score 79 test result must arrive directly from the Educational Testing Service through Arcada's TOEFL code 5724 valid for two years test result must arrive directly from the Educational Testing Service through Arcada's TOEFL code 5724 valid for two years SAT/OMPT-G test that meets Arcada's requirements and can be verified in the database by 8 August (if applicable) Proof of English language proficiency that can be verified by 8 August (except for those completing the entrance exam) Valid ID Documents that exempt from tuition fees (if applicable) Documents of eligibility such as upper secondary education, bachelor's or master's degree. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Nordic Tourism and the Experience Industry TopUp - Structure of Studies Breadcrumb Quick links Learning outcomes Courses General competences Profession-specific competences UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) On this page you can learn more about the learning outcomes, courses, general competences, and profession-specific competences of the Nordic Tourism and the Experience Industry TopUp programme. Here you will also find the UN Sustainable Development Goals in focus listed. Upon completion of this programme, you can describe and analyse the tourism and experience landscape in the Nordic region. You will be able to recognise core industry structures, attractions, unique selling points, and development needs, with a particular focus on Finland. You will gain the skills to design innovative, sustainable, and inclusive experience products using service design methods, and to market and sell these through appropriate channels and digital platforms. You will develop a strategic, analytical, and ethical mindset to address challenges such as sustainability, climate change, and social equity, and you will be equipped with tools for measuring tourism impacts and managing destinations. Additionally, you will develop a proactive, resilient, and customer-oriented approach to working in the tourism and experience industry. The following SDGs are in focus during the studies: Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Bachelor's degree programmes Nordic Tourism and the Experience Industry TopUp Structure of Studies Learning outcomes Courses General competences Profession-specific competences UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Learning and career-oriented competencies Innovation and development competency Ethical and sustainable competencies Local and global societal competencies Competence in sustainable value creation Competence in evidence-based business practice Competence in leadership Competence in resilience #3 Good Health and Well-being #5 Gender Equality #8 Decent Work and Economic Growth #9 Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure #10 Reduced Inequalities #11 Sustainable Cities and Communities #12 Responsible Consumption and Production #13 Climate Action #14 Life Below Water #15 Life on Land Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Arcada's nursing programme – guided by heart and head Breadcrumb With Head, Heart, and Hand A Human-Centred and Empathetic Approach International Education Highly Valued Looking Ahead: The Future of the Profession For the third consecutive year, Arcada’s nursing programme was voted the best in Finland by graduating students in 2024. What are the key factors behind the success of this popular programme, and how has it evolved over time? “‘I promise to serve life and health, to alleviate suffering, and to safeguard human dignity, in a spirit of love.’” These are the opening words of the nurse’s pledge, recited by students who have trained as nurses at Arcada University of Applied Sciences. Arcada began training nurses in 1996, and over the past three decades, the programme has undergone significant development. “In the past, studies were more specialised, with nurses focusing on areas such as internal medicine, surgery, or psychiatry. Today, those specialisations have been phased out in favour of a broader, more comprehensive nursing education totalling 210 credits. We’ve also added more general courses, such as languages,” explains Jari Savolainen, lecturer in nursing at Arcada. The nursing degree is also integrated into Arcada’s other healthcare programmes—midwifery, first aid, and public health nursing—where graduates earn a double degree. “Our healthcare programmes are closely connected to working life through projects and placements, which naturally makes it easier for students to find employment after graduation. It also opens up a wide range of future opportunities,” says Savolainen. Nursing students at Arcada University of Applied Sciences. Although the nursing programme at Arcada has undergone significant changes over the years, one central theme has remained constant, says Maria Appelroth, Senior Lecturer in Nursing and Degree Programme Directors for the Swedish-language nursing programme at Arcada. “The ethics of nursing and patient care are at the core of our programme. How we treat patients is fundamental to nursing and something we hold in high regard. It’s about truly seeing and listening to patients, especially when they find themselves in vulnerable situations,” Appelroth explains. This emphasis on empathy and ethical care is also highly valued in the professional field. “We regularly receive feedback that our students excel in patient interaction - and we’re very proud of that,” she adds. Critical thinking is another vital aspect of both the nursing profession and the educational approach at Arcada. This is why the role of the nurse is often symbolised by the trio: head, heart, and hand. “The heart represents empathy, the head stands for reflection and critical thinking, and the hand symbolises the practical skills developed through clinical exercises, simulations, and hands-on experience during practical training. Together, they provide a strong foundation for professional nursing practice,” says Appelroth. In 2024, Arcada’s nursing programme was voted the best in Finland by students—for the third consecutive year. According to the AVOP survey conducted in 2023, the programme received an impressive average score of 5.98, compared to the national average of 5.27. Students particularly appreciated the support services, course content, and quality of teaching. Opportunities for simulation and hands-on training were also highly valued. The sense of community, small group sizes, and a supportive learning environment are key strengths of the programme. “Arcada is a small university of applied sciences, which fosters a close-knit community between lecturers and students. This enables personalised guidance and tailored teaching. We genuinely want to get to know our students, and that creates a supportive and inclusive learning atmosphere,” say Jari Savolainen and Maria Appelroth. The programme’s core values are also reflected in its teaching methods. “We aim to be student-centred and promote self-directed learning. Students take responsibility for their own development, while we as educators facilitate that process. Our role is to create environments - both physical and social - that support learning. By adopting a human-centred approach to education, we hope to inspire students to apply the same mindset in their patient care,” says Appelroth. Nursing students at Arcada University of Applied Sciences. It’s not only the Swedish-language nursing programme that receives high praise. Since 2011, Arcada has offered international nursing programmes in English. In 2019, supplementary TopUp programmes were introduced for nurses who have already qualified abroad. In the national comparison published in 2024, the international programmes achieved record-high ratings. “The flexibility of these programmes is especially appreciated by students—particularly those in the TopUp programme, as it allows them to continue working while studying,” says Terése Sjölund, Senior Lecturer in Nursing and Degree Programme Director for Arcada’s nursing programmes. Student support is another highly valued aspect, contributing to the programme’s strong reputation. “We receive a lot of positive feedback for helping students find employment during their studies. For example, we organise online networking events where employers and trade unions present job opportunities. These often lead to summer jobs and, eventually, permanent positions,” Sjölund explains. The team for Arcada's Nursing- programmes. From the left; Terese Sjölund, Pauleen Mannevaara, Ann-Mari Pohjola, Lotta Eronen, Mikaela Lindqvist , Niina Lempinen, Craig Wilkinson Interest in the English-language nursing programmes continues to grow. In 2024, 56 nurses graduated from the Nursing programme, and 278 TopUp Nursing students began their studies. Through the SaiLa project (Sairaanhoitajan laillistaminen), which provides a pathway to legalised nursing in Finland, seven nurses began their studies in June 2024. Terése also hopes to integrate international and Swedish-language teaching more closely in the future. “This would help students learn to collaborate in Finnish—the common working language in healthcare in Finland, which is essential for anyone wishing to work in the sector.”. The vision for increased collaboration is shared by Degree Programme Directors across the national programme. They also hope that more flexible study options will attract additional students to the Swedish-language programme. “We want to continue drawing people to the profession and explore new teaching formats that suit students’ individual circumstances—such as combining studies with work, which can be supported through distance learning. Naturally, we’re also keen to explore the possibilities offered by new technologies,” says Appelroth. Setting realistic expectations for the profession is equally important. “We acknowledge that the healthcare sector can be challenging. That’s why we emphasise the importance of self-compassion. Building personal resilience is crucial to being able to care for others,” Appelroth notes. “Overall, our students are very reflective. They think deeply about the situations they encounter during placements—how those experiences affect them, and why they chose this field. We often hear from employers that younger nurses bring positivity, hope, and a renewed sense of purpose to the profession.” Developing a strong professional identity remains a key goal for the programme. “We want Arcada nurses to continue recognising the importance and essence of caring. A well-educated nurse with empathy, strong clinical skills, and capable hands. Most importantly, we want our nurses to remain proud of their profession—because they truly should be,” says Savolainen. Read more about: Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual report 2024 Arcada's nursing programme – guided by heart and head Arcada's swedish nursing programmes: https://www.arcada.fi/sv/studera-pa-arcada/bachelorutbildningar/sjukskotare (in swedish) Arcada's Nursing Top-Up programme in english: https://www.arcada.fi/en/study-arcada/b… Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Apply to Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership Breadcrumb Quick links Educational background Two years of work experience English proficiency requirement Student selection Accepting study place offer, tuition fees and early bird discount Timetable of additional intake 2025 24 July 2025 4 August 2025 8 August 2025 at 12:00 Mid August 27 August 2025 On this page you will find information on the additional intake to the master's programme in Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership The master's degree programme in Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership is a collaboration between Arcada University of Applied Sciences and LAB University of Applied Sciences. Application in this additional intake is to be submitted to Arcada directly through the national application portal studyinfo.fi. 24 July at 9 AM (UTC+3) to 4 August 2025 at 3 PM (UTC+3). A direct link will be provided here when application opens. Before starting your master's application process please make sure that you are an eligible applicant, i.e. that you have a suitable educational background, two years of work experience and that you also meet the English language proficiency requirement. To be eligible to apply to Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership, the applicant must have a suitable bachelor's degree in emergency care, nursing, public health nursing, physiotherapy, or social care. All applicants must, in addition to the requirements listed above, have a minimum of two years (24 months) of relevant work experience gained after the completion of the bachelor's degree in order to meet the eligibility criteria.Work experience is only counted after the bachelor's degree has been awarded, and needs to be proven by a work certificate. CV are not accepted on their own. Work experience gained before or during your bachelor studies cannot be counted towards the work experience minimum requirement. An exception is only made for applicants who have completed a Finnish vocational college diploma or higher vocational diploma (opisto- tai ammatillisen korkea-asteen tutkinto) before the completion of their higher education degree, as they may also take into account work experience gained before the higher education degree. Work experience can be counted up to 31st July 2025. Part-time work is converted to full-time work so that 150 hours or 20 full-time working days (a minimum of seven hours per day) are equal to a month. The work experience does not have to be continuous or from the same employer. Practical training or on-the-job learning is not counted as work experience if it forms a part of the degree used for applying. To demonstrate proficiency in English, one of the following language test results, meeting the minimum score requirement, is required from the applicant. The language test results are valid for two years from the date of taking the test and your test result must be valid on the first day of the application period. Please request your score report to be submitted to Arcada when you register for the Cambridge, Pearson or TOEFL tests. Also, IELTS test takers can request the result to be sent to Arcada directly but as results can be verified online, a copy of the test result attached to the application form is accepted.Send your SAT to Arcada using the code 7151. Other ways to prove proficiency in EnglishA language test is not required when you have completed an upper secondary degree or a higher education degree i.e. at least a Bachelor's degree level degree in English at an institution located in the following countries: an EU or EEA country, Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, South Africa or the United States, excluding online degrees and offshore campuses.A language test is also not required when you have completed a higher education degree i.e. at least a Bachelor's degree completed at a university or university of applied sciences in one of the Nordic countries (Finland, Sweden, Norway, Denmark or Iceland). Students to this master programme are selected through selection assignment, which is carried out in collaboration between LAB and Arcada UAS. The student selection is based on the points of the selection assignment (video). The maximum number of points is 40. To be eligible for the program, the applicant must achieve at least 20 points. In case several applicants score the same points, all such applicants will be admitted. Eligibility is checked only for an applicant who is admitted to the programme. The selection for the Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership: Master’s degree online studies is made based on the total marks obtained in the selection assignment (video).Video assignment (maximum 40p) • Shortly present who you are and where you are currently working. (max 10 p) • Through your own reflections, describe what quality is, or could be, in an emergency care context. (max 10 p) • Read the article and suggest how you would use its findings to develop effectiveness in emergency care. (max 20 p) Make your suggestion according to the PICOS (population, index system, comparator system, outcome, and study design) model described in the article. Article (open access): Antti Malmivaara (2016) System impact research – increasing public health and health care system performance, Annals of Medicine, 48:4, 211-215. Link to this article: https://doi.org/10.3109/07853890.2016.1155228 . To receive maximum points for your video, make sure you respond to all of the requested items. Complete and return the video assignment before August 8th, 2025 at 12:00 (noon) The selection assignment is also part of the Master's programme module Designing and Evaluating Person-Centered Emergency Care. An admitted applicant will need to supplement the course to receive a full 5 cr during their studies. Ensure you review the corresponding instructions. Make sure you have a working web camera. The maximum file size is 1.0 GB. The assignment can technically also be a document containing a link. If you return the video assignment as a link, please make sure that the link works and that the link redirects to the open video file. Maximum length of the video is 6 minutes. When you have been offered a study place at Arcada and have decided to accept it, you have to confirm your acceptance of the study place as instructed in the e-mail. It is also mandatory to register for the academic year. A student may accept only one study place leading to a higher education degree in Finland during one academic semester. This rule applies to all higher education (Bachelor's, Master's, Licentiate and Doctoral degrees). Please read more about the one study place per term provision here The deadline for accepting a study place in the additional application will be 7 days from admission. You also need to register for the academic year according to the instructions sent to you. Registrations as either present or absent is to be done in the same place as the acceptance of the study place offer. You can register as absent only for the first academic year with a valid reason. Information on the tuition fees at Arcada is available on the following web page. If you are a fee-paying student, please note that you cannot register for the academic year or receive a study certificate until you have paid the tuition fee. Please note that the early bird offer on the tuition fee for fee-paying students is valid for 7 days. Thus, if the study place is accepted within 7 days, the student can make use of the early bird offer. Tuition fee payment by the deadline must be proven with a receipt sent to the admissions services. Here you will find information on the timetable of the additional intake Application opens at 9 AM (UTC+3) Application closes at 3 PM (UTC+3) Deadline for all application attachments:- bachelor level degree certificate and transcripts. If they are not issued in Finnish, Swedish or English, authorised translations must also be submitted.- work certificates proving minimum two years work experience- English language proficiency certificate (required for Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership) - selection assignments for each specific master programme- Official identification document, such as passport - certificates proving exemption from tuition feesNote that the time on the 8th August is 12:00 (noon) Results of additional intake announced. Studies begin with an Introduction session. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Additional application 2025 Apply to Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership Educational background English proficiency requirement Student selection Accepting study place offer, tuition fees and early bird discount Timetable of additional intake 2025 Cambridge B2 First: Minimum score 170 Cambridge International IGCSE: First language English, Syllabus 0500 and 0990 Cambridge C1 Advanced: Minimum Score level C Cambridge C2 Proficiency: Minimum Score level C TOEFL iBT/ TOEFL iBt Home Edition/ TOEFL iBT Paper edition/ TOEFL iBT Enhancements: Minimum score 80 (writing score min. 20) IELTS Academic/ IELTS Indicator / IELTS Online: Minimum score 6.0 (writing score minimum 5.5) Pearson/PTE Academic/ PTE Academic Online: Minimum score 58 SAT test Evidence-Based Reading and Writing: Minimum score 600. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Apply to International Business Breadcrumb Quick links Admission through entrance exam on campus What you are allowed/required to bring to the entrance exam Requirements for admission Admission through SAT + proof of English language proficiency Arcada's SAT requirements Admission through OMPT-A + proof of English language proficiency OMPT discount Admission through certificate-based application English language requirements Mandatory documents to be uploaded in the application Tuition fees and accepting the offer of a study place On this page you will find important information on how to apply to the bachelor's degree programme International Business. There will be an additional application for studies beginning in autumn 2025 for the bachelor's programme in International Business and it will be open from 24 July at 9 AM (UTC+3) to 4 August 2025 at 3 PM (UTC+3). The classes during autumn 2025 will be arranged in a hybrid model so international applicants will be able to participate online even if they are not able to arrive in Finland by August 2025. The hybrid introduction day will be held on 22 August. All attachments need to be uploaded in the application and verifiable by 8 August at 12 PM (noon) Finnish time. If there are attachments missing after this deadline the application will be promptly rejected. *Note that if you have already accepted a study place in an application to a university of applied sciences or university in Finland this spring, you can not apply in this additional application. There are four different paths of admission in this application and an applicant can choose to participate in several of them to enhance their chances of being accepted. The paths of admission are: Applicants can sign up for the entrance exam on campus that will be held on 14 August. The exam starts at 9.15 and applicants are expected to be on campus no later than 9.00 AM. If you do not reside in Finland or within the EU it might be difficult to obtain a visa to participate in the entrance exam, so we recommend choosing a different path of admission such as the SAT or OMPT. The 1-hour English entrance exam consists of three sections: grammar, reading comprehension, and a short essay. The 1-hour Business entrance exam consists of 12 questions, of which students must answer any 10. The questions are distributed as follows: percentage calculations and basic mathematics (4 questions), equation solving and statistics (4 questions), and logic and problem-solving (4 questions). The exam is designed to reflect the level of basic business mathematics and logical reasoning. A basic calculator is allowed. If an applicant wants to apply to several programmes they will be expected to complete a math portion for each programme. The engineering math entrance exams both last two hours, so if an applicant applies to both International Business and Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering the total length of the exam will be four hours. If an applicant applies to all three programmes the length of the test will be six hours. We recommend each applicant to consider carefully which programme they are mostly interested in and only apply to that one. Invitations to the entrance exam on campus will be sent out one week before the entrance exam. Each applicant is required to bring a photo ID to the entrance exam and present it upon arrival. A list of accepted IDs: Applicants can also use an expired ID or passport if it has expired less than a year ago. For example an ID that expired on 15.8.2024 is still acceptable. You must be identifiable from the picture on the ID. You need to present the physical ID, a picture of an ID is not accepted. Applicants should bring a pen and eraser to the entrance exam, and are also allowed to bring drinks or snacks. Applicants are allowed to use a basic calculator in the International Business entrance exam, but no calculators are allowed in the engineering entrance exams. Applicants eligibility will be checked only for those who pass the entrance exam. To apply to Arcada you need one of the following (as stated in Polytechnics Act 932/2014) and it should be uploaded in the application at the time of submission: In this admissions' path you can apply with a previously taken SAT test and proof of English language proficiency. The SAT is used in admission for the degree programmes in International Business and Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering. The SAT is an international test administered by the College Board. Please read more about the SAT test here. If you have not taken the SAT yet, then it is too late to do so now and you can choose to apply through the OMPT-A test or attend the entrance exam on campus if you are in Finland. Read more about the OMPT test below. The SAT test required for admission to Arcada consists of: The essay included in the SAT test is not required when applying to Arcada. Subject test is not accepted. The minimum accepted scores are: Applicants will not be ranked by the scores, but instead all applicants who meet the requirements will be offered admission as soon as both the SAT test and the proof of English language proficiency has been verified. In addition to including your score when submitting your application, you must also order an official SAT score report straight from the test organiser. If you have already completed a SAT test, you must request a score to be delivered to Arcada directly. Read more about how to send the SAT score. Arcada's SAT code is 7151. In this admissions' path you can apply with an OMPT-A test and proof of English language proficiency. An applicant can only apply to International Business with the OMPT-A test, since the engineering programmes use different OMPT versions for admission. Note that you may not submit your application without including a copy of your OMPT score. You must therefore have taken the OMPT test, and already received your score before you can apply. The OMPT test is an online admissions test, which has been used for higher education institutions' international admission. The OMPT can be taken from anywhere, at any time. Please read more on the OMPT test here. When registering for the OMPT test, you will be directed to the right version of the test when selecting which of Arcada's bachelor's programme you are applying to. Register for the test OMPT test here . Arcada allows for three attempts of the OMPT test in order to achieve our pass requirement of 55 % for one of the tests. All OMPT results will be verified through the OMPT database. Applicants will not be ranked by the scores, but instead all applicants who meet the requirements will be offered admission as soon as both the OMPT test and the proof of English language proficiency has been verified. Arcada provides a 230 euro deduction on the first year's tuition fee for students who are admitted based on the OMPT test + interview and accept their study place offer. This is to cover the costs associated with one test attempt. This deduction is applied automatically without any action needed from the student and is only applicable to tuition fee paying students. The amount cannot be increased, regardless of how many attempts or tests the applicant has taken. To apply in this certificate-based application, you will need the following: Applicants completing any of the above mentioned degrees in Summer 2025 or earlier can be considered in this certificate-based application. Note that all applicants must also prove their English language skills, and meet the threshold criteria as explained below. If the applicant does not have any of the above-mentioned educational backgrounds, or they do not meet the English language or threshold criteria they can not apply or be considered for admission in this admissions' path but must instead apply with one of the alternative admissions' methods. Student selection is based on the points for the Finnish Matriculation examination, International Baccalaureate, European Baccalaureate, Deutsches Internationales Abitur/Reifeprüfung or on the Finnish vocational certificate issued after 1 August 2015. Arcada UAS follows the scoring models from the UAS webpage . DP in International Business: There are no math threshold requirements for applicant's with a Finnish Matriculation examination, International Baccalaureate, European Baccalaureate or Deutsches Internationales Abitur/Reifeprüfung. All applicants must also prove their English language skills. The following are accepted as proof of skills in English: The documents must be uploaded in the application and verifiable per 8 August at 12 PM (noon) Finnish time. The tuition fees for Arcada's bachelor's programmes starting in 2025 is 11 000 euro/year. An admitted student can receive an early-bird discount of €2,000 on the tuition fees for the first academic year by bindingly accepting the study place offered by Arcada in the additional application and paying the tuition fee within 7 days. You can read more about Arcada's tuition fees and scholarships on this webpage. You need to accept your offer of a study place and pay the tuition fee (if applicable) within 7 days of admission. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Additional application 2025 Apply to International Business Admission through entrance exam on campus Admission through SAT + proof of English language proficiency Admission through OMPT-A + proof of English language proficiency Admission through certificate-based application English language requirements Mandatory documents to be uploaded in the application Tuition fees and accepting the offer of a study place entrance exam on campus in Helsinki 14 August through SAT + proof of English language through OMPT-A + proof of English language through certificate-based admission for Finnish matriculation examination, Finnish vocational education, International Baccalaureate (IB) diploma education, European Baccalaureate (EB) education or Reifeprüfung/Deutsches Internationales Abitur Passport Finnish picture ID issued by the police Finnish driver's license Picture ID from EU/EEA country Finnish Matriculation examination or/and Finnish upper secondary education, EB, IB or Reifeprüfung examination Finnish upper secondary vocational education A non-Finnish degree or qualification which gives eligibility for higher education in the degree awarding country Higher education degree. reading, writing and language test math test Total minimum score: 1100 points Reading, writing and language test: Minimum score 500 points Math: Minimum score 500 points for International Business A Finnish Matriculation examination Finnish vocational upper secondary education completed after 1.8.2015. NB: Competence-based qualifications are not taken into account in certificate-based selection. International Baccalaureate (IB) diploma education (IBO) European Baccalaureate (EB) education completed at a European school Reifeprüfung/Deutsches Internationales Abitur Finnish vocational education: minimum grade 3 (on a scale of 1-3) or 4 (on a scale of 1-5) in Knowledge in math and science (Kunnande i matematik och naturvetenskap/Matematiikan ja luonnontieteiden osaaminen) Finnish Matriculation examination: grade C (advanced syllabus). If your matriculation score does not meet the requirements you must submit another certificate of language proficiency. Completed International Baccalaureate Education with the exception of career-oriented courses. Medium of instruction needs to have been English. Completed European Baccalaureate Education with medium of instruction being English or a minimum grade of 6.00 in L2 English. Reifeprüfung/DIA diploma completed in Finland, with a minimum grade of 7 in advanced English. Finnish vocational education completed in English High school, bachelor's or master's degree completed in English in an EU/EEA country, or in the UK, Ireland, USA, Canada, South Africa, Australia or New Zealand, excluding online degrees and offshore campuses. A minimum 60% of the degree must have been completed on location in one of the before mentioned countries. Cambridge ESOL’s tests B2 First (First Certificate in English) Cambridge Advanced: minimum score 170 include your Candidate ID and Candidate Secret number when sending your results to Arcada include your Candidate ID and Candidate Secret number when sending your results to Arcada Pearson Test of English Academic or Academic online: minimum score 51 results are accepted only when sent through the online PTE account and are valid for two years results are accepted only when sent through the online PTE account and are valid for two years IELTS / IELTS online ; academic: minimum overall band score 6.0 valid for two years valid for two years TOEFL Internet-based or Home Edition test: minimum score 79 test result must arrive directly from the Educational Testing Service through Arcada's TOEFL code 5724 valid for two years test result must arrive directly from the Educational Testing Service through Arcada's TOEFL code 5724 valid for two years SAT/OMPT-A test that meets Arcada's requirements and can be verified in the database by 8 August (if applicable) Proof of English language proficiency that can be verified by 8 August (except for those completing the entrance exam) Valid ID Documents that exempt from tuition fees (if applicable) Documents of eligibility such as upper secondary education, bachelor's or master's degree. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Apply to Healthcare Leadership Breadcrumb Quick links Eligibility Educational background Two years of work experience Student selection process Motivational letter (2–3 pages) Video (max 40 points) How to submit the motivational letter and video Accepting study place offer, tuition fees and early bird discount Timetable of additional intake 2025 24 July 2025 4 August 2025 8 August 2025 at 12:00 Mid August 27 August 2025 On this page you will find information on how to apply to the master's degree programme Healthcare Leadership through the additional application. There is an additional application to Arcada's master's in Healthcare Leadership, part- and full-time, for studies beginning in August 2025. Application in this additional intake is to be submitted to Arcada directly through the national application portal studyinfo.fi. The application takes place from 24 July at 9 AM (UTC+3) to 4 August 2025 at 3 PM (UTC+3). A direct link will be provided here when application opens. More information regarding the study programme can be found here. Before starting your master's application process to Arcada, please make sure that you are an eligible applicant, i.e. that you have a suitable bachelor's degree and two years of work experience. Applicants' English language skills will be evaluated through the selection methods used so no separate English language proficiency certificate is needed for applying. To be eligible to apply to Healthcare Leadership, you must have a bachelor's degree, within Nursing, Midwifery, Public Health Nursing, Occupational Therapy, Emergency Care, Physiotherapy, Sports and Physical Education or Social Care. Also other suitable Bachelor's degrees may be considered, but is assessed case by case. All applicants must, in addition to the requirements listed above, have a minimum of two years (24 months) of relevant work experience gained after the completion of the bachelor's degree in order to meet the eligibility criteria. Work experience is only counted after the bachelor's degree has been awarded, and needs to be proven by a work certificate. Work experience gained before or during your bachelor studies cannot be counted towards the work experience minimum requirement. An exception is only made for applicants who have completed a Finnish vocational college diploma or higher vocational diploma (opisto- tai ammatillisen korkea-asteen tutkinto) before the completion of their higher education degree, as they may also take into account work experience gained before the higher education degree. Work experience can be counted up to 31/7/2025. Part-time work is converted to full-time work so that 150 hours or 20 full-time working days (a minimum of seven hours per day) are equal to a month. The work experience does not have to be continuous or from the same employer. Practical training or on-the-job learning is not counted as work experience if it forms a part of the degree used for applying. Admission to the master's degree programme in Healthcare Leadership is based on a motivational letter and personal video. Submit a motivational letter. Write this letter in order for us to understand your thoughts and experiences on healthcare leadership as well as your expectations on this master's program. The length of this letter is about 2–3 pages. Part 1: Me as a master’s student (max 30 points) Part 2: Development and research of working life (max 30 points) Record a video of yourself talking about one leadership topic that interests you. Areas that will be given focus and evaluated: Attach both the motivation letter and the video to your application on studyinfo.fi.The deadline for the motivational letter and video is 8 August 2025 at 12:00 (noon) but you are recommended to submit them as soon as possible after you have submitted your application. Name the attachment file(s) in the following way: Lastname_First name_description/name of document_programme. For example, Smith_Mary_motivationletter_Leadership. Make sure that the attachments are legible. Combine the pages of the same document into one file. Check that the documents are all positioned in the same way upright. Recommended file formats are: PDF, JPG, PNG and DOCX You can upload the video directly or use video sharing services. In case you are using a sharing service (e.g. YouTube), upload a document containing a link to the video. Please make sure your video is set to private and can be seen only through the link you shared in your application. The video should be available for viewing throughout the complete application process. When you have been offered a study place at Arcada and have decided to accept it, you have to confirm your acceptance of the study place as instructed in the e-mail. It is also mandatory to register for the academic year. A student may accept only one study place leading to a higher education degree in Finland during one academic semester. This rule applies to all higher education (Bachelor's, Master's, Licentiate and Doctoral degrees). Please read more about the one study place per term provision here The deadline for accepting a study place in the additional application will be 7 days from admission. You also need to register for the academic year according to the instructions sent to you. Registrations as either present or absent is to be done in the same place as the acceptance of the study place offer. You can register as absent only for the first academic year with a valid reason. Information on the tuition fees at Arcada is available on our Tuition fees and scholarships page. If you are a fee-paying student, please note that you cannot register for the academic year or receive a study certificate until you have paid the tuition fee. Please note that the early bird offer on the tuition fee for fee-paying students is valid for 7 days. Thus, if the study place is accepted within 7 days, the student can make use of the early bird offer. Tuition fee payment by the deadline must be proven with a receipt sent to the admissions services. Here you will find information on the timetable of the additional intake Application opens at 9 AM (UTC+3) Application closes at 3 PM (UTC+3) Deadline for all application attachments:- bachelor level degree certificate and transcripts. If they are not issued in Finnish, Swedish or English, authorised translations must also be submitted.- work certificates proving minimum two years work experience- English language proficiency certificate (required for Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership) - selection assignments for each specific master programme- Official identification document, such as passport - certificates proving exemption from tuition feesNote that the time on the 8th August is 12:00 (noon) Results of additional intake announced. Studies begin with an Introduction session. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Additional application 2025 Apply to Healthcare Leadership Eligibility Student selection process Accepting study place offer, tuition fees and early bird discount Timetable of additional intake 2025 What central working life competencies have you already developed? Have you already developed some healthcare leadership competencies? If so, please elaborate. What healthcare leadership competencies for future working life do you want to develop? Please motivate. How do you see a master’s degree beneficial for your present or future work? What are the main reasons for applying to this master’s program? This master’s program is an online program. What digital competence do you possess and do you have any challenges in regards to these? Studies on a master’s level is time-consuming, how will you be able to manage this? If you are in working life, what support can you expect from your employer? Master’s degree studies are equivalent to EQF 7 level competence requirements set by the Bologna process. Tell us about your earlier study experiences and your academic writing and research skills. What areas of your profession do you consider important for development work? In this master’s program, 1/3 is about development work, resulting in a master’s thesis. What kind of development work would you be interesting in doing? What would it contain? How would you actualize such development work? What research method(s) would be suitable? Technical skills (important since this is a 100% online course) Communication skills (group discussions will be held in this program and we need to communicate in English) Interest in the field of Healthcare Leadership Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu The Arcada house - a unique meeting place for 20 years Breadcrumb A Meeting Place for New Ideas The Lion Square takes place 20 Years of Human Encounters Virtual Tour Bringing people together to collaborate and connect - that was the vision for the main building on Arcadas campus, which this year proudly celebrates 20 years. To mark the anniversary, the Arcada hosted an Open House, welcoming curious visitors to explore its vibrant campus, including the newly developed labs and simulation centres. It was in 2002 that bulldozers first broke ground on the marshland of Arabianranta. In this open field, just a short distance from central Helsinki, a bold decision had been made: to establish a new campus dedicated to higher education in Swedish. Previously, the educational activities were spread across three separate institutions—Technology in Tapiola, Nursing on Sturenkatu, and Business in Lauttasaari. These would now be unified under one roof in the new Arcada main building. The vision was clear: to create a space where people could meet, collaborate, and grow together. “When we planned the new Arcada, one goal stood above all others: to foster community and collaboration,” recalls architect Stefan Ahlman. “Each educational unit had its own profile, traditions, and working methods. The aim was to bring them together and create one unified Arcada.” The choice of materials was also intentional, designed to give the building a strong and lasting identity. “The second vision was to ensure that the structure and materials would stand the test of time,” Ahlman explains. “The five wings, connected by courtyards, were designed to provide architectural clarity. We chose simple, durable materials—slate stone, blued steel, glass, and plaster—to give the university a distinctive and enduring character.” Archive image from when Arcada House began construction in 2002. In November 2004, the new Arcada building was finally completed and officially inaugurated by staff and students from across its various disciplines. According to then-rector Henrik Wolff, the result was everything they had hoped for. “Even before we welcomed our first students in the autumn of 1996, it was clear that our vision was to unite everyone on a single, cohesive campus,” Wolff recalls. “We believed that only by bringing together people and ideas from different fields could we become the innovative higher education institution we aspired to be. Nearly a decade later, in autumn 2004, that dream became a reality when we moved into our new home in Arabianranta.” It’s a dream that continues to thrive. “I’m proud that Arcada’s main building remains the open meeting place for new ideas and opportunities that we envisioned from the start,” says Wolff. The whole project took about two years to complete, but milestones along the way were celebrated, including a roofing party in November 2003. A long table and white tablecloths were laid out. (Archive image) Arcada’s identity was shaped not only through architecture and materials, but also through art. As part of an open competition organized by Pro Artibus for artists under the age of 30, five unique artworks were commissioned - pieces that still grace the university grounds and surrounding areas today. Among them is Oasen (Oasis) by Ann Sundholm, featuring resting lions in the square between Arcada and Prakticum. Over the years, these lions have become a familiar landmark for those passing through the area - a quiet symbol of reflection and creativity. The lions in the artwork "Oasen" rest outside the Arcada campus. In 2024, Arcada’s main building celebrated its 20th anniversary. Over the past two decades, it has grown into a vibrant meeting place - home to countless memories, life stories, cultural exchanges, and shared knowledge. The building continues to embody the founding vision: to foster meaningful encounters between people. Today, staff work in open-plan offices, while students engage in collaborative learning environments and interdisciplinary projects. These shared spaces continue to spark cross-sector dialogue, innovation, and the creation of new knowledge. The anniversary was marked with an Open House in November, inviting prospective students, alumni, and partners to explore the campus. Despite the brisk November weather, visitors came together for an interactive experience of Arcada’s facilities and spirit. “Our campus may be small, but it offers space for an invaluable diversity of voices - different backgrounds, industries, languages, and ways of thinking,” says current rector Mona Forsskåhl. “We hope that everyone who spends time in this building gains not only knowledge and practical experience, but also friendships and broader, more inclusive perspectives. The unique exchange of ideas and the strong sense of community—both inside and outside the classroom—are what make Arcada a truly special meeting place, now and in the future.” Arcada International Student Ambassadors 2024. Would you like to explore the Arcada building without physically visiting our campus? No problem! Hop on our virtual tour and wander freely in our modern and high-class spaces with just a few clicks: https://app.widgets.thinglink.com/accessibility/1887815173247337316 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual report 2024 The Arcada house - a unique meeting place for 20 years Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Vision Work in Times of Change Breadcrumb New Strategy Paves the Way – Focus on Three Key Development Areas The strategy builds on previous directions but refines the vision further: Strategic Internationalisation – International Profile with Local Roots Impact through Education and Societal Engagement A Strengthened RDI Profile as a Driver of Development 4Q – Strategic Collaboration at the National Level Conclusion The year 2024 for Arcada was marked by continued engagement with the surrounding society, both nationally and internationally. Global challenges and societal shifts shaped the landscape for higher education, influencing Arcada’s daily operations. Issues concerning democratic values, peace and security, as well as the future of the rule of law and the welfare state, were central to public debate. Political developments, with a clear shift to the right and elements of protectionism, along with a series of natural disasters and the ongoing war in Ukraine, contributed to a growing sense of uncertainty—even in Finland. Despite this, Arcada continued to work with a forward-looking perspective. The country’s economic recovery was delayed, and expectations of extensive austerity measures characterised much of the public sector during the year, including the education sector. In this changing landscape, Arcada’s operations were shaped by both predictable and unexpected events. Arcada repeatedly had to rely on its flexibility, adaptability, and long-term thinking. The year began with intensive preparations for a new agreement period with the Ministry of Education and Culture, including negotiations forming the basis for the new four-year agreement. Ahead of the negotiations, Arcada, like other higher education institutions, updated its strategy – this time with a perspective extending to 2035. The new strategy was developed through thorough analysis and extensive scenario work, providing a solid foundation for future priorities. “In 2035, Arcada is an educational institution that recognises the strength in diversity. We apply science and research while encouraging commitment to sustainability and a good life. We pride ourselves on being an international higher education institution rooted in the Nordics with a strong focus on research and development.” To realise this vision, Arcada focuses on three strategic development areas; Growth through strategic internationalisation, enhanced research profiling for competence and quality, societal engagement and impact to promote education. These areas form the foundation for Arcada’s continued development and positioning in a rapidly changing world. Arcada is already one of the most international universities in Finland – a strength that will continue to be developed and deepened. A clearer international profile also creates opportunities to strengthen the entire Swedish-speaking education sector in Finland. Key components in this area are integration and inclusion, based on the idea that diversity is a resource and a prerequisite for sustainable development. Alongside strong support for diversity and equality, Arcada also aims to contribute to the national knowledge boost. This is reflected in the increased degree targets agreed upon for the upcoming agreement period—a sign that Arcada is ready to take its share of national responsibility in meeting future competence needs. During the year, Arcada took important steps to further strengthen its role as a socially engaged and future-oriented higher education institution. A comprehensive update of the degree programme curricula was carried out in line with the new strategy and in accordance with recommendations from the NCU’s evaluation of Arcada’s quality system. A key focus was deepening the integration between education, working life, and RDI (Research, Development, and Innovation) activities, thereby enhancing the relevance and impact of the programmes. At the same time, the Arcada intensified its efforts in continuous learning. A roadmap for development was established during the year, aiming to offer a more balanced and needs-based range of continuing education courses. Preparations for Arcada’s adoption of the national platform opin.fi continued as planned. In summary, the 2024 operational year represented both an end and a new beginning. The final year of the previous agreement period concluded successfully, with Arcada achieving the agreed goals with the ministry as far as possible. The development of Arcada’s RDI activities continued during the year. The project portfolio was broadened, and project management and follow-up were further systematised. Strategic efforts to further profile RDI activities continued with new routines for project planning and coordination of larger interdisciplinary initiatives. The design of more long-term research programmes and their operational models began but was not yet completed during the year. Models to increase corporate funding and participation in RDI projects were being developed for implementation in 2025. The need to more clearly link education and research with collaboration in working life is a guiding principle embraced by both the strategy and the ministry. A new strategic collaboration was initiated with three other universities of applied sciences in Finland—DIAK, Humak, and Kajaani University of Applied Sciences—within the framework of the new agreement period. The collaboration aims to jointly develop identified focus areas. Plans include creating smooth study pathways between the four UAS’, exploring opportunities for collaboration in IT services and other support functions, and developing a new model to highlight and monitor impact. Arcada’s specific responsibility in the collaboration is to lead a joint initiative on internationalisation, focusing on ethical recruitment and models for inclusion and integration of international students. In summary, the 2024 operational year represented both an end and a new beginning. The final year of the previous agreement period concluded successfully, with Arcada achieving the agreed goals with the ministry as far as possible. At the same time, the year was marked by preparations for the new agreement period, with its exciting new collaborations and performance expectations. Despite global events and national economic challenges, the UAS continues to see its important role as a Swedish-speaking educational institution in the capital – knowing that focus and profiling will be necessary in everything it does moving forward. 23 June 2025 in Helsinki Mona Forsskåhl Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual report 2024 Rector's review Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Nordic research co-operation in focus Breadcrumb Digital shopping carts Important data on cerebral palsy Nordic affiliated professors Nordic strategic partnerships The RDI year 2024 in figures With the digital society as a framework for Arcada's research, development and innovation (RDI) activities, Nordic co-operation has been a driving force over the past year. International collaborations are today a fundamental part of most higher education institutions’ activities. For Arcada, Nordic co-operation is a way to work with global issues while maintaining local relevance. “Nordic co-operation within a research project makes the research results more relevant and useful throughout the Nordic region, not just in a single country. Even though we have similar views on research and education in the Nordic region, we still contribute with our unique perspectives, which raises the quality of the research”, says Niklas Eriksson, principal lecturer in digital marketing, and leader of DigiMatNorden, a project focusing on digitisation of retail. The researchers in the DigiMatNorden project have taken a closer look at how consumer behaviour is changing in connection with online grocery shopping in the Nordic region, how robotics are being introduced and used in grocery stores, and what challenges arise from a growing dependence on online shopping. “Together with researchers at the Kristiania University College in Norway, we have looked at digital shopping carts and how they can potentially influence healthier customer decisions in the grocery store”, says Eriksson, who is pleased with the collaboration. “Project collaboration in general often means better opportunities for funding, and it is also nice to work with cheerful Nordic people", he adds. In 2024, a Nordic initiative was launched within the project CP - North – Living life with cerebral palsy in the Nordic countries, to collect data on hip and scoliosis surgeries and mortality in cerebral palsy. National registries in Finland, Sweden and Norway were also used to compare treatment practices in the different countries. Researchers at Arcada and Lund University also cocreated the Disability Day event, where students, professionals and other interested persons in the field of disability were enlightened with the latest research. “The broad research we do in the field of disability within our Nordic co-operation was highlighted during the event. People with disabilities also attended and presented the challenges they face in our society. The collaboration has been very fruitful," says Ira Jeglinsky-Kankainen, principal lecturer in rehabilitation, and coordinator of the Finnish part of the CP-North research programme. Research collaboration within the Nordic region is an important dimension of Arcada’s activities. In 2024, both significant new project collaborations have been initiated, and long-standing collaborations have expanded to new dimensions. Through the individual projects in combination with strategic partners and affiliated researchers in the Nordic region, Arcada has a rich and varied interaction across the Nordic region. These partnerships promote both joint research projects and education programmes. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual report 2024 Nordic research co-operation in focus ·Anne Söderlund, Professor in Physiotherapy, School of Health, Care and Social Welfare, Mälardalen University (Sweden) Nathalie Hyde-Clarke, Professor in Media and Communication, Faculty of Social Sciences, OsloMet - Metropolitan University (Norway) Mälardalen University (Sweden) Kristiania University College (Norway) Number of publications: 217, of which 79 through international cooperation External RDI funding: 2 million euros Number of researchers: 127 Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Bachelor's degree programmes Breadcrumb Information Technology Technology Studies begin International Business Business Studies begin Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering Technology Studies begin Nordic Tourism and the Experience Industry TopUp Business Studies begin Nursing TopUp Social and healthcare Studies begin At Arcada, we offer four English-language and 15 Swedish-language programmes at bachelor's level. With us, you gain access to the latest expertise in the area you are passionate about and build knowledge that is relevant and sought after in the labour market - both today and in the future! On this page, you can get acquainted with our English-language bachelor's programmes. Read more about application and admission to our programmes on the page Application. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Bachelor's degree programmes Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Research at Arcada Breadcrumb Key research activities Strategic focus Researchers Main menu MEDA Research Programme: AI driven Nordic Health and Welfare Continued support for Arcada's research in child-robot interaction How to monitor the transformation towards circular society? Cultural diversity in healthcare – the role of leadership and education Follow our current key projects. The common denominator - creating smart solutions for the future. Arcada's overall strategic aim is to build Nordic bridges to be globally relevant and to create smart, digital solutions for a dynamic working life. Nordic cooperation for global relevance and smart digital solutions are Arcada’s vehicles to stay relevant in a changing world. AI and machine learning, Health and Welfare as well as Circular Economy are our core fields of research through which we aim to maintain and grow welfare in society. Arcada is a research intensive University of Applied Sciences. Several teachers are currently doctoral candidates at different universities. At Arcada we conduct both basic and applied research. Arcada provides an innovative environment with a focus on research-based innovation for business and the public sectors. We emphasise the connections between research and teaching involving students and the surrounding society in our projects. We create smart solutions for a sustainable future. The core area of Arcada's research is human-centered artificial intelligence and the digital society. We work with both national and international partners to respond to future needs for expertise in smart technology and sustainability. Media and Education in the Digital Age (MEDA) is a programme that addresses the challenges, risks and opportunities associated to the use of media in the great variety of social practices that are usually included in the broader definition of educational practices. AI driven Nordic Health and Welfare is a research programme where AI solutions are applied to social and health care within the Nordic welfare and social design framework, using a transdisciplinary and user driven approach. Category: Research Arcada has been granted 140,000 euros from the foundation Brita Maria Renlunds minne to deepen its research in how social humanoid robots can be of use in early childhood education in a safe and pedagogical way. Category: Research In March 2024, the project partners for Agile Circular Competence Network organised a three-day Spring School aimed at students, companies, and researchers interested in the circular economy. The focus of the third day was on understanding how businesses can measure their transition towards a circular and sustainable economy. Category: Publication The shortage of nurses is a global issue that already threatens the ability to deliver safe and effective care. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), this gap in the healthcare workforce, especially in Europe, could be characterised as a ‘ticking time bomb’ that could worsen health outcomes and, in extreme cases, lead to system collapse (WHO, 2022). Category: Publication Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Recruit a student Recruit a student Breadcrumb Partnership program Continuing Education Arcada Alumni network Cooperation and Services Main menu A Wealth of Opportunities Library and Information Services Events and Venues Support Arcada Arcada approved in the quality audit - strengths include student contact, curriculum reform and learning environments Arcada new member of the EduNet automation network Arcada strengthens the position of international students on the Finnish labour market The purpose of our partnership program is to create long-term collaborations between working life and our degree programmes. To our partners we offer the opportunity to improve employer branding, build networks, connect with our students as well as visibility in our channels. At Arcada, we support companies and organsations to find the right skills development. Our programmes are planned in collaboration with you and tailored to your needs. Arcada has a lot to offer you, also after you graduate. In Arcada's alumni network you can build and maintain your own professional network. Co-operation and partnerships – foundations for exchanging knowledge! At Arcada University of Applied Sciences we believe in, and actively pursue, close co-operation with organizations, companies as well as the public sector. Research and education that is conducted in close collaboration with business partners and the public sector ensure significant results and that Arcada’s competences benefit society as a whole. Do you need new ideas or a partner to develop your idea or business? Do you want to work with the professionals of the future? We at Arcada make collaborations of various kinds with companies and organizations. Do you need support with information retrevial, an oasis for creative thinking or access to the latest publications in your field? Arcada's library, our collections and services are open to everyone and we are happy to help you find your way in the information jungle! Arrange your event at Arcada! We offer versatile facilities and all-round services for any event - big or small. We have different types of spaces ranging from auditoriums, classrooms to cabinets and meeting rooms. All rooms are equipped with modern technology. The world is changeable, uncertain and complex. Science and technology are not alone the answer to the largescale societal challenges that lie ahead. New findings need to be translated into efficient long-term solutions – for that we need humans as a driving force. Smart innovations that are tested and flexibly adjusted to sustain rapid change. For a quarter of century, Arcada has developed competencies essential to society and educated experts for the future. We create concrete knowledge in an abstract world. Arcada University of Applied Sciences has successfully passed the quality audit conducted by the Finnish Education Evaluation Centre (FINEEC). The international audit group commends Arcada for its strong commitment to its students. Category: Partnerships Arcada University of Applied Sciences joins the international higher education network in automation EduNet. Through the network, the UAS will be able to make new international contacts in the industry and is provided with modern equipment in automation technology. Category: Partnerships Finding work on the Finnish labour market is not always a walk in the park for international students. In order to improve the situation, Arcada University of Applied Sciences (UAS) has taken a giant leap forward by starting a pilot project focusing on internship collaboration between the UAS and Finnish companies. Category: Partnerships Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu About Arcada Breadcrumb Organisation Quality Management Strategy Main menu Sustainability and social responsibility Annual reports Contact us Arcada's change negotiations concluded Arcada initiates change negotiations Arcada is the first University of Applied Sciences in Finland to join the Caravan to Ukraine Arcada's operations are organised into three academies and a number of administrative units. Arcada has a high level of ambition regarding quality work and strives continuously to develop its operations with the aim of being a nationally and internationally attractive and competitive university of applied sciences. Quality assurance is a central part of the development work and the evaluation of the relevance, effect and impact of the university’s activities. Arcada is an international higher education institution rooted in the Nordics with a strong focus on research and development. Arcada is a multi-professional University of Applied Sciences in Finland. At our campus in Helsinki (Finland), our 2,700 students and 170 staff work across disciplines to advance culture and knowledge. At Arcada high level research with societal impact meets lifelong learning within all our areas of expertise; Business management and analytics, Energy and materials technology, Health and welfare, Culture and media, and Healthcare. Together with our partners, we are building Nordic bridges to be globally relevant. We create smart solutions for a dynamic working life and a vibrant Swedish-speaking culture. Sustainability and social responsibility are present in all activities at Arcada: in our education, research, organisational culture and on campus. The annual reports summarise the operations of Arcada and provide a look back at the past years in a nutshell. We have listed key contact details for your convenience, everything from visiting address to invoicing details. Arcada University of Applied Sciences has concluded its change negotiations. The negotiations resulted in a renewed organisation adapted to the savings that the higher education sector is undergoing. Category: Press release The Board of Arcada University of Applied Sciences Ltd has decided to initiate change negotiations that apply to all employees. The decision was made on financial grounds and based on the need for concrete measures to reduce costs. Category: Press release At Arcada University of Applied Sciences (UAS), both students and staff are working together to show their support for Ukraine. After three years of full-scale war, the Arcada for Ukraine campaign is needed more than ever, with the goal of raising 25,000 euro to fund an ambulance to be delivered to Ukraine. Category: Press release Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Annual reports Breadcrumb Main menu 2024 Annual report 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 The annual reports summarise the operations of Arcada and provide a look back at the past years in a nutshell. Here you can find the annual reports of Arcada in digital form. If you are looking for an older annual report than the ones found on this page, just send us an email: communications@arcada.fi. The year 2024 was marked by global uncertainty, but also by clear direction and a strong sense of purpose at Arcada. With a new strategy and a focus on internationalisation, research excellence, and societal engagement, the university of applied sciences took significant steps to reinforce its role as a leading advocate for education With a focus on the human encounter, the opening of new innovative learning and research environments and increased support services for students, Arcada took on the year 2023. Several important milestones where reached and the year ended with a record number of students graduated. The year 2022 brought about many changes both at Arcada and in the outside world. A long-awaited return to campus and a new organisational structure meant a new everyday life to adapt to. The fundraising campaign for Arcada's 25th anniversary continued to be successful and already reached halfway to the goal at the end of the year. 2021 will go down in history as both an exciting year and a turbulent year. Arcada began celebrating its 25th anniversary in the shadow of the COVID-19 pandemic – but refused to be in any way inhibited by it. For the second year in a row Arcada had a record number of graduates, with 534 new alumni. In 2020, Arcada had a record number of graduates – a total of 507 students graduated. This was made possible thanks to the invaluable efforts of our personnel, students and donors. Contributing to society is the main task and raison d’être of any university – certainly for Arcada! 2019 was a year of vision, of planning what our contribution to society could be and should be, and how to put it into practice. For Arcada, 2018 was in many ways a year of radical change. A new rector in May, a new organisation in August, a new sports hall and a successful fundraising campaign were some of the important events that will carry the school into the future. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual report 2024 Annual report 2023 Annual Report 2022 Annual Report 2021 Annual Report 2020 Annual Report 2019 Annual Report 2018 Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Develop Solutions for Tomorrow with Us! Breadcrumb Research collaboration Strategic focus Arcada Contact Arcada research We are at the forefront escpecially within circular economy, artificial intelligence and health technology development. If you are looking for a partner or a lab environment to develop a service or product, please contact us. Arcada is a global leader in its active research and innovation collaboration with the surrounding society and external partners. With us, you can benefit from broad interdisciplinarity all under one roof. We strongly believe that it is in the borderland between different areas of expertise that innovations really happens, now and in the future. The versatile and interdisciplinary research at Arcada offer companies and organisations many possibilities for collaboration. Arcada's overall strategic aim is to build Nordic bridges to be globally relevant and to create smart, digital solutions for a dynamic working life. Nordic cooperation for global relevance and smart digital solutions are Arcada’s vehicles to stay relevant in a changing world. AI and machine learning, Health and Welfare as well as Circular Economy are our core fields of research through which we aim to maintain and grow welfare in society. Arcada is a multidisciplinary university of applied sciences in Finland. Are you interested in knowing more about us and our projects? Want to collaborate with researchers and students at our UAS? Want to know what our experts think about an issue or the current projects conducted at Arcada - contact us! Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Collaborate with us Collaborate with our researchers! Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Tailored Continuing Education Breadcrumb Main menu Raisamiina Hagström Continuing Education At Arcada, we support companies and organsations to find the right skills development. Our programmes are planned in collaboration with you and tailored to your needs. At Arcada we teach and conduct research within a wide range of areas, which makes it possible for us to tailor completely unique skills development packages. By combining our different areas of expertise, we create custom module-based course packages that respond to your organisation's needs. We work in Swedish, Finnish and English. Our fields of expertise: Don't hesitate to contact us! Service Development Lead E-mail: raisamiina.hagstrom@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 566 As the labour market keeps evolving, the demand for essential skills keeps growing. Continuous learning is the key to keep your professional skills up to date. This is where we step in. Our aim at Arcada Continuing Education is to make sure it feels rewarding to develop and expand your professional skills. We provide further education in technology, culture, media, business and social and health care. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Services Continuing Education Arcada TopUp Nursing Film and media Business Health and Welfare Engineering and IT Healthcare Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu International Business Education / Business Breadcrumb Ellen Kuitunen graduate, International Business Valentas Strolys graduate, International Business Stefani Kirilova graduate, International Business Need more information? Apply to this bachelor's degree programme Programme What you will learn Examples of future positions Personal guidance and state-of-the-art teaching A truly international experience How to apply Tuition fees and scholarships Structure of studies Contact us about the programme Admissions Services Mikael Forsström Would you like to study sustainable business and management in a truly international setting? Are you looking to gain skills in the latest digital tools that prepare you for a career in modern business life? Then our bachelor’s degree programme International Business is for you! Fill in the form and we will answer as soon as possible! The application is open 24 July–4 August 2025. The “Apply” button is visible below during the application period. For more information on how to apply, please visit our Application pages. You are also welcome to contact Admissions Services. In the bachelor’s degree programme International Business at Arcada you will learn how to develop sustainable solutions for economic growth. Thanks to AI being an integrated part of your studies, you will gain unique skills in digital tools and systems, which give you a competitive edge on the job market. As you will spend several months on work placements at companies in Finland or abroad, you will apply your knowledge in practice. In addition to practical business knowledge, the programme offers you several different tracks for specialisation. At the end of your first year you will apply to one of our three specialisation modules, which will make you a top-level professional in one of the following fields: 1. Strategic Marketing and Consumer Insights2. Logistics and International Trade3. Accounting In case there are more applicants than places, selection of module will be based on your previous study unit grades in that subject. Choose a major that aligns with your career aspirations—whether it's Strategic Marketing and Consumer Insights, where you'll use data-driven analysis of consumer behaviors and preferences to develop effective marketing strategies that align with business goals; Logistics and International Trade, where you'll learn to make strategic decisions optimising the entire supply chain; or Accounting, developing expertise to make informed, fact-based financial decisions that drive success. Additionally, you can enhance your expertise through specialised studies in areas like service development, data-driven business strategies, advanced accounting, leadership excellence, automation, and sustainable supply chain management. These specialisations equip you with a versatile skill set for today's dynamic business environment. If you are curious and have a genuine interest in sustainable business or entrepreneurship, sufficient skills to study in English at an academic level, the ability to act in a multicultural environment, and digital fluency, we highly encourage you to apply to this programme. In addition to gaining in-depth knowledge in your major, you will learn: Regardless of whether you want to work as an entrepreneur, manager or expert within the business world, as a graduate from this programme your career opportunities are numerous. Your future work title can for instance be: At Arcada we believe in student-centred and dialogue-driven learning, i.e. that learning happens when you get to be active, ask questions, and discuss with your peers. At the same time, our teachers offer you support and feedback, ensuring that you are not left alone with your studies. We take pride in the personal guidance teachers give their students, and this is also something our students and alumni continue to highlight as one of the top advantages of studying at Arcada. Teachers with a diverse and international background, as well as visiting lecturers from partner universities and business schools abroad, ensure that the teaching is state-of-the-art and that the knowledge you gain is up to date. Your studies consist of lectures, workshops, practical case studies, and you conduct them both individually and as a group. Most of your studies take place on campus, but some are arranged online. As Arcada is the most international Finnish UAS in relation to its size, here you are guaranteed to meet and collaborate with new people of diverse backgrounds. The group of International Business students consists of international and Finnish students, which contributes to a wealth of perspectives. What is more, our students in International Business (in English) and Business Administration (Företagsekonomi in Swedish) co-operate actively during their studies. In this programme you will learn how to network from day one and strengthen your skills to function in multicultural groups, which are key competences in an international business environment. Please visit the Application pages for all the information on how to apply. All students enrolled in the programme are expected to have a laptop they can use in their studies. Please note that applicants from countries outside the European Union/EEA are required to pay tuition fees. We offer scholarships for bachelor's level studies. The scholarships are awarded on the basis of academic performance (number of credits achieved during the previous year as well as grade point average). The scholarships can be awarded from the second study year onwards. We also have an early bird offer. Learn more on our Application pages. Familiarise yourself with an example of the structure of studies. We answer anything related to admission and application. E-mail: admissions@arcada.fi Degree Programme Director, International Business E-mail: mikael.forsstrom@arcada.fi Phone number: 040 510 82 58 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Bachelor's degree programmes International Business Degree title Bachelor of Business Administration Delivery method On-campus Level Bachelor's programme Language English Scope 210 ECTS Education duration 3,5 years Programme What you will learn How to apply Tuition fees and scholarships Structure of studies Contact us about the programme The general functions of businesses How to run a sustainable business Business analytics To work with real assignments from companies To work in an international business environment To understand a rapidly changing business context Public speaking Customer Success Manager Sales Specialist/Manager Project Planner/Specialist/Manager Customer Advisor Online Marketing Specialist/Manager Social Media Specialist/Manager Marketing Specialist/Manager Logistics Specialist/Manager Distribution Co-ordinator Purchasing Specialist/Manager Product Category Specialist/Manager Controller Corporate Accountant Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering Education / Technology Breadcrumb Niccolo Adriano Alumnus, Mechanical Design Engineer at ABB Tuomas Kohvakka graduate Denise Nurmi graduate Thumula Patabendige Alumnus, Junior Mechanical Engineer at ReOrbit Need more information? Apply to this bachelor's degree programme Programme What you will learn Examples of future positions Preparing for your future – an international focus, social skills and strong ties to working-life A modern and safe study environment How to apply Tuition fees and scholarships Structure of studies Contact us about the programme Rizwan Ullah Admissions Services Are you curious about sustainable product development? Do you want to learn how to design, develop, and analyze smart and sustainable products by selecting the right engineering materials and processes? The Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering program at Arcada equips you to become a modern-day engineer, focusing on sustainable and digital solutions for a carbon-neutral future. Fill in the form and we will answer as soon as possible! The application is open 24 July–4 August 2025. The “Apply” button is visible below during the application period. For more information on how to apply, please visit our Application pages. You are also welcome to contact Admissions Services. The bachelor's degree programme Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering at Arcada has a clear focus – sustainable materials and engineering design. In this programme, engineering, sustainability and digitalisation have been merged together to benefit our modern-day society. Nowadays, the choice of sustainable materials is inevitable in product design and development. A sustainable way of thinking is needed to enhance our ecosystem, conserve natural resources and fight climate change. One of the main goals of the programme is to strengthen your multidisciplinary competencies to develop smart solutions. The world needs innovative engineering that tackle global challenges imposed by traditional approaches in engineering. As an engineering student at Arcada, you can make a difference. Our degree programme opens doors to a booming field where engineers are in constant demand. Material and design engineers are needed in every business field, from the manufacturing industry to their supply chains, as well as in the public sector. If you are curious, innovative and eager to develop new approaches in engineering that can change the world for the better, then do not hesitate to apply to this programme! The increasingly international focus of today's labour market is clearly reflected in the degree programmes Arcada offers, with Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering being no exception. As the programme is closely tied to its parallel programme in Swedish, students from both programmes can network and share learning experiences from day one. The idea is also to familiarise international students with the Finnish labour market in a genuinely multicultural and multidisciplinary environment. Our programme is also connected to departmental projects, including both in-house and external partners, which actively involve students. Our ties to the industry are continuing to grow. As a result, during your studies at Arcada you will benefit tremendously through hands-on research, company excursions, internship possibilities and company thesis projects. Arcada’s engineers put their skills to work in the production laboratory, a hub for design and development where students can fully utilize our equipment for innovations. You will develop competencies on the overall processes, starting from characterizing the material properties to developing products using both conventional and state-of-of the art manufacturing technologies, with the ethics of safety as a cornerstone of your studies. At Arcada we also take pride in our teaching culture – the contact between teachers and students is very informal. Here you will get personal guidance from your teachers, which is something our students and alumni keep highlighting as one of the top advantages of studying at Arcada. Please visit the Application pages for all the information on how to apply. All students enrolled in the programme are expected to have laptop they can use for their studies. Please note that applicants from countries outside the European Union/EEA are required to pay tuition fees. We offer scholarships for bachelor's level studies. The scholarships are awarded on the basis of academic performance (number of credits achieved during the previous year as well as grade point average). The scholarships can be awarded from the second study year onwards. We also have an early bird offer. Learn more on our Application pages. Familiarise yourself with an example of the structure of studies. Degree Programme Director, Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering E-mail: rizwan.ullah@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 570 We answer anything related to admission and application. E-mail: admissions@arcada.fi Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Bachelor's degree programmes Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering Degree title Bachelor of Engineering Delivery method On-campus Level Bachelor's programme Language English Scope 240 ECTS Education duration 4 years Programme How to apply Tuition fees and scholarships Structure of studies Contact us about the programme Materials Characteristics and selection criteria Mechanical testing, thermal, rheological, compositional characterization, and microscopic analysis Characteristics and selection criteria Mechanical testing, thermal, rheological, compositional characterization, and microscopic analysis Sustainability: Circular economy, Life cycle analysis Engineering Design: 3D modelling: Computer Aided Design (CAD) Mechanics of materials 3D modelling: Computer Aided Design (CAD) Mechanics of materials Computer Aided Engineering (CAE) Reverse engineer using 3D scanning Model, control and analyze digital production systems Reverse engineer using 3D scanning Model, control and analyze digital production systems Material Processing: Conventional (Machining: CNC milling, Injection moulding, extrusion) Advanced: Digital manufacturing Sustainable Material Processing (Polymers, Composites) Conventional (Machining: CNC milling, Injection moulding, extrusion) Advanced: Digital manufacturing Sustainable Material Processing (Polymers, Composites) Computational Modelling and Simulation Structural Mechanics Heat Transfer Structural Mechanics Heat Transfer Robotic arm manipulation using computer vision Being able to use and analyze precision measurement tool (CMM) Mechanical Engineer Sustainability Engineer Design Engineer Production Engineer Product Development/Product Engineer Laboratory Engineer Process Engineer Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Machine Intelligence and Data Science (MIND) Education / Technology Breadcrumb Emmanuel Raj graduate, Big Data Analytics (predecessor to MIND) Salvatore Della Vecchia graduate, Big Data Analytics (predecessor to MIND) Need more information? Apply to this master's degree programme Programme What you will learn Examples of future positions Take on real-world challenges Specialise according to your own interests How to apply Tuition fees and scholarships Structure of studies Contact us about the programme Admissions Services Niraj Dayama Are you looking for a programme where you get to take on real-world challenges and design solutions? Would you like to learn a broad set of techniques for dealing with data of various types? Then now is the time to take a leap forward in your career and apply to the master’s degree programme Machine Intelligence and Data Science (MIND)! Fill in the form and we will answer as soon as possible! The application is closed. The previous application was open 8.1.2025–22.1.2025. For more information on how to apply, please visit our Application pages. You are also welcome to contact Admissions Services. Machine Intelligence and Data Science (MIND) gives you an in-depth understanding of how to make use of data in order to create insights. This master's degree programme is arranged so that you rapidly gain a broad knowledge of the essential concepts of big data analytics: descriptive and predictive modelling, and the construction of machine learning pipelines. The programme emphasises the importance of understanding how to build analytical solutions with production level code. The studies in MIND are conducted in a research-oriented environment. Our researchers cover a wide range of interests in analytics and machine learning applications that you as a student or employer can benefit from, when pursuing your own domain applications. These include computer vision, machine learning operations (MLOps), trustworthy artificial intelligence (AI), interaction-based learning, text analytics, Internet of Things, robotics, physics and chemistry applications, and financial engineering. This programme is intended for people with experience in programming and software development, and two years of relevant working experience. MIND involves a complete method renewal in companies – to learn how to make practical use of machine learning. As a student you will gain new insights, even after years of working. If you are curious about and comfortable with solving data-related problems by applying logical and mathematically inspired methods, then this programme is for you. During the academic year 2024–2025 lectures are held on Thursdays and Fridays every second week between 13:00 and 18:00. Changes may occur for the following academic year. Graduates will be able to work with a wide range of tasks in various industries. Positions include development, research, analysis, and managerial positions, e.g.: As a student, you will be involved in projects connected to real-world problems that include elements of both group work and individual achievements. The focus on actual challenges emphasises disruptive problem-solving through analytics service development. Communication and business know-how are emphasised through visual storytelling and value creation. The master’s thesis project (30 ECTS) consists of a development or research project for a client (e.g. your employer) or a collaboration with Arcada’s researchers, followed by a thesis report. You start working towards your thesis project immediately and get to show your capability of systematically performing a project with a practically applied problem as a starting point. Based on the development needs of the client/researcher, you then develop the thesis project in close co-operation with your supervisor and contact person at the commissioning company. Please visit the Application pages for all the information on how to apply. All students enrolled in the programme are expected to have a laptop they can use in their studies. Please note that applicants from countries outside the European Union/EEA are required to pay tuition fees. No scholarships are available for master's degree studies, but we do have an early bird offer. Learn more on our Application pages. Familiarise yourself with an example of the structure of studies. We answer anything related to admission and application. E-mail: admissions@arcada.fi Degree Programme Director, MIND E-mail: niraj.dayama@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 585 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Master's degree programmes MIND Degree title Master of Engineering Delivery method Hybrid (on-campus and online) Level Master's programme Language English Scope 60 ECTS Education duration 1 year Entry requirements In order to meet the eligibility criteria, applicants must have a suitable bachelor's degree in information technology, computer science, natural sciences or business (with a minor in IT or CS) or a similar field deemed to include sufficient technical skills and scientific rigor, and a minimum of two years (24 months) of relevant work experience gained after the completion of the bachelor's degree. Programme How to apply Tuition fees and scholarships Structure of studies Contact us about the programme Programming for analytical services Data analytics Machine learning Data engineering Data visualisation Descriptive data mining Predictive forecasting Decision automation Data science and validation of model results Planning and development of analytical solutions Analytics value creation Big Data Analytics Developer Big Data Analytics Manager Data Engineer Machine Learning Engineer Data Scientist Principal/Senior Software Developer Head of Analytics Chief Technology Officer (CTO) Senior Analyst Consultant Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Healthcare Leadership Education / Social and healthcare Breadcrumb Simona Dell'Angelo graduate, Leadership for Nordic Healthcare (predecessor to Healthcare Leadership) Need more information? Apply to part-time studies Apply to full-time studies Programme What you will learn Arcada – a window to the Nordics Flexible and completely online Specialise according to your own interests How to apply Tuition fees and scholarships Structure of studies Contact us about the programme Admissions Services Jonas Danielson Are you a healthcare professional, ready to take the next step and respond to the new needs within your field? Do you see yourself as a leader open to digitalisation, innovation and sustainability in healthcare? If so, our online master’s degree programme is perfect for you! Fill in the form and we will answer as soon as possible! The application is open 24 July–4 August 2025. The “Apply” button is visible below during the application period. For more information on how to apply, please visit our Application pages. You are also welcome to contact Admissions Services. The application is open 24 July–4 August 2025. The “Apply” button is visible below during the application period. For more information on how to apply, please visit our Application pages. You are also welcome to contact Admissions Services. The online master’s degree programme Healthcare Leadership will support you to become a change leader. The Nordic social and healthcare sector faces rapid shifts brought about by digitalisation, privatisation and demographic changes. Especially the development in health technology has with recent implementation of artificial intelligence (AI) evolved rapidly and calls for leaders that can understand and utilize health technology and effectively harness innovation. In this programme, you will be given the opportunity to explore new leadership techniques, discover your leadership strengths and expand your professional horizon. The programme consists of two main focus areas; Healthcare Leadership and Health Technology. Within Healthcare Leadership we focus on the broad overview of leadership theories, change and transformational leadership, personal leadership behaviour, team-behaviour, cultural awareness, and systems thinking. You will get a broad overview of leadership theories and learn creative and critical thinking skills required for successful leadership. The focus on Health Technology provides a broad overview of health technology healthcare and focuses on healthcare leadership in the age of Artificial Intelligence. You will analyse, critically evaluate and develop both projects and your own personal leadership style. The programme also makes you eligible for doctoral studies. You can choose between completing the programme in one and a half years (full-time studies) or in three years (part-time studies). As development and digital communication is in focus, you will also strengthen your competencies to: Arcada, with its wide Nordic network and long experience of leadership in the social and healthcare sector, is a self-evident home for master studies combining healthcare and leadership from a Nordic perspective. The common Nordic landscape for future healthcare arrangements offers us a dynamic and interesting starting point for learning and exploring different best practices. We offer a flexible online study programme which enables you to work alongside your studies. With several years of experience of delivering degrees online, you can rest assured that the online tuition at Arcada is of high quality. Our pedagogics are rooted in problem-based and student-driven learning. We believe that learning happens when you get to be active and ask questions. However, our teachers continuously offer you support, guidance and feedback, ensuring that you are not left alone with your studies. In practice, all lectures, coaching and assignments are handled online. Lectures will usually be held on Tuesdays 15:00–17:00, with the exception of the Leadership online conference in February that is an all-day event. We expect you to take part in online discussions once a week, usually in the evenings. There are only online lectures (no campus visits are needed) and there are no lectures during weekends. You do assignments individually and as group work. The master’s thesis project (30 ECTS) is a development and research project with the aim of developing Nordic healthcare. The project gives you the possibility to specialise according to your own interests. Through the thesis project you get to demonstrate your skills to systematically work solutions to a practical problem. Please visit the Application pages for all the information on how to apply. All students enrolled in the programme are expected to have a laptop they can use in their studies. Please note that applicants from countries outside the European Union/EEA are required to pay tuition fees. No scholarships are available for master's degree studies, but we do have an early bird offer. Learn more on our Application pages. Familiarise yourself with an example of the structure of studies. We answer anything related to admission and application. E-mail: admissions@arcada.fi Degree Programme Director, Healthcare Leadership E-mail: jonas.danielson@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 428 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Master's degree programmes Healthcare Leadership Degree title Master of Healthcare Delivery method Online Level Master's programme Language English Scope 90 ECTS Education duration 1,5 or 3 years Entry requirements In order to meet the eligibility criteria, the applicant must have a suitable bachelor's degree in nursing, midwifery, public health nursing, occupational therapy, emergency care, physiotherapy, sports and physical education or social care, and a minimum of two years (24 months) of relevant work experience gained after the completion of the bachelor's degree. Programme What you will learn How to apply Tuition fees and scholarships Structure of studies Contact us about the programme Leadership competence Change and innovative competence Collective sensemaking competence Technological and ethical competence Applied advanced research competence Work proactively and multiprofessionally contributing to smart service development and digital communication with the client at the centre Compare and evaluate knowledge about digital innovations Understand the principles of user-centred service design to be applied in healthcare Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Annual Report 2018 Breadcrumb Main menu Key Figures In focus Rector's Review Research Education Fundraising For Arcada, 2018 was in many ways a year of radical change. A new rector in May, a new organisation in August, a new sports hall and a successful fundraising campaign were some of the important events that will carry the school into the future. Find out more about what happened at Arcada during the year by clicking on the links below. For Arcada, 2018 was in many ways a year of radical change. A new rector in May, a new organisation in August, a new sports hall and a successful fundraising campaign were some of the important events that will carry the school into the future. During 2018 a renewed emphasis was placed on research and its visibility. This was highlighted by Arcada appointing its first vice-rector Henrika Franck, responsible for RDI, in August. A new record was set at Arcada in 2018, when a total of 500 students completed their bachelor’s or master’s degrees. Relevance and co-operation were key factors in developing new programmes within further education. With a result of 6.2 million euro Arcada’s 2018 fundraising campaign surpassed all expectations and all set goals. Arcadas share of the 28 million euro raised by all the universities of applied sciences in the country was 22 percent. In relation to the number of students per school, Arcada was in a league of its own. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2018 Annual Review and Financial Report (in Swedish) Highlights 2018 Rector's Review Education Research Fundraising Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Media Management Education / Culture and media Breadcrumb Daniel Farrera graduate, Media Management Need more information? Apply to this master's degree programme Programme What you will learn Examples of future positions Diversity and personal guidance Specialise according to your own interests How to apply Tuition fees and scholarships Structure of studies Contact us about the programme Admissions Services Mats Nylund If you are looking for tools to manage a media team, a media organisation or your own brand in a sustainable way, then look no further – Arcada has got you covered! Regardless of whether you are a freelancer, an influencer or represent a larger corporation, innovative ways of increasing the quality of media are a necessity. Fill in the form and we will answer as soon as possible! The application is closed. The previous application was open 8.1.2025–22.1.2025. For more information on how to apply, please visit our Application pages. You are also welcome to contact Admissions Services. In today’s world, know-how in media management is a key competence for every organisation. A media manager today does not necessarily have an educational background in media or culture. We believe that a successful media manager needs to have a multidisciplinary understanding of the media, based on leadership, technology and culture. The master’s degree programme in Media Management at Arcada provides you with skills, competencies and knowledge needed for navigating the ever-changing media environment. Our programme presents you with real-life cases and projects useful to a media manager in any organisation. It gives you a unique opportunity to integrate your previous studies and professional experience with fresh in-depth knowledge. Media management is a rapidly growing research field that analyses the economic, cultural and technological transformations and tendencies in the media industry. In this programme you will also find yourself in a research-oriented environment. The programme can be completed in one year as full-time studies, or two years as part-time studies. Lectures are mainly held in the afternoon and evenings, from 16:00 to 20:00. Each study unit offers the possibility to do your studies online. This includes a wide range of e-learning possibilities, such as webinars, online lectures, and more traditional readings and essays, depending on the content and learning outcomes of the study unit. Lectures are always held on weekdays, not on weekends. This master’s programme is international, which means that you will have a larger labour market as your arena. As a Media Management graduate you will be able to work with a wide variety of tasks in both the private and the public sector, e.g.: As Arcada is the most international Finnish UAS in relation to its size, here you are guaranteed to meet and collaborate with new people of different backgrounds. During your studies you will be a part of a diverse tight-knit group, where discussions based on different perspectives will enhance your creative and innovative thinking. We also take pride in our teaching culture – our teachers are highly engaged and the contact between teachers and students is very informal. As a student in the Media Management programme you can expect your teachers to support you in your studies and provide you with feedback along the way. Getting personal guidance from their teachers is something our students and alumni keep highlighting as one of the top advantages of studying at Arcada. The master’s thesis (30 ECTS) is preferably a research report on a media-related development project for an organisation. This organisation can be your employer, your own company or some other organisation that you wish to collaborate with. The thesis work gives you the chance to specialise according to your personal background and interests. Please visit the Application pages for all the information on how to apply. All students enrolled in the programme are expected to have a laptop they can use in their studies. Please note that applicants from countries outside the European Union/EEA are required to pay tuition fees. No scholarships are available for master's degree studies, but we do have an early bird offer. Learn more on our Application pages. Familiarise yourself with an example of the structure of studies. We answer anything related to admission and application. E-mail: admissions@arcada.fi Degree Programme Director, Media Management E-mail: mats.nylund@arcada.fi Phone number: 040 512 56 99 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Master's degree programmes Media Management Degree title Master of Culture and Arts Delivery method Hybrid (on-campus and online) Level Master's programme Language English Scope 60 ECTS Education duration 1 or 2 years Entry requirements In order to meet the eligibility criteria, the applicant must have a suitable bachelor's degree, e.g. within the field of media and communications, arts and culture management, business management, media and information technology, art and design, advertising, literature, culture studies or entertainment law, and a minimum of two years (24 months) of relevant work experience gained after the completion of the bachelor's degree. Programme How to apply Tuition fees and scholarships Structure of studies Contact us about the programme To display an evidence-based approach to the changing media industry and the operational improvement of media organisations To acquire the ability to comprehend innovation performance in different contexts To take part in substantive discussions and make decisions according to changing circumstances To determine the most appropriate procedures for media innovation processes To independently draw conclusions for complex problems related to the implementation of new technologies Media Planner Social Media Manager Communications Specialist Campaign Manager Media Consultant Communications Analyst Influencer Researcher Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Annual Report 2019 Breadcrumb Main menu Key Figures In focus Rector’s Review Big Data Analytics and Global Development Entrepreneurship and Soft Skills Compassionate Professionals Aiming for Sustainable Home Care New Healthcare Programmes Contributing to society is the main task and raison d’être of any university – certainly for Arcada! 2019 was a year of vision, of planning what our contribution to society could be and should be, and how to put it into practice. Find out more about what happened at Arcada during the year by clicking on the links below. Contributing to society is the main task and raison d’être of any university – certainly for Arcada! 2019 was a year of vision, of planning what our contribution to society could be and should be, and how to put it into practice. In June 2019 Arcada’s first experts in Big Data Analytics graduated. Formally, this one-year master’s programme started in the autumn of 2018, but the foundations were laid some five years earlier when a specialized programme was started. What does today’s student need to learn to be successful in tomorrow’s labour market? In 2019 Arcada took a giant step forward when the two projects Work-integrated Pedagogy in Higher Education (WORKPEDA) and Arcada Coaching Clinic (ACC) were initiated. Today compassion is viewed as an important competence in working life, a necessary tool for people in a workplace to help deal with difficult situations and to make good, ethical choices. How can we achieve functioning and sustainable home care for the elderly? This is a frequently debated and topical issue, and certainly not without relevance at Arcada – quite the opposite. In 2019 Arcada launched two new healthcare programmes designed to answer to the needs of today’s society. Both programmes – the master’s programme Leadership for Nordic Healthcare and the bilingual two-year nursing programme organized in cooperation with Diak (Finnish-language Diacona UAS) – will start in the autumn of 2020. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2019 Annual Review and Financial Report (in Swedish) Highlights 2019 Rector’s Review Big Data Analytics and Global Development Entrepreneurship and Soft Skills Compassionate Professionals Aiming for Sustainable Home Care New Healthcare Programmes Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Researchers Breadcrumb Contact us about our research A Anton Akusok Annikki Arola B Lana Beikverdi Dennis Biström Kaj-Mikael Björk Maria Bäck D Jonas Danielson E Majid Einian Daniela Eklund Christoffer Ericsson Niklas Eriksson Lotta Eronen F Maria Forss Mona Forsskåhl H Thomas Hellstén J Ira Jeglinsky-Kankainen K Jonny Karlsson Jyrki Kettunen Carina Kiukas Kristoffer Kuvaja Adolfsson L Paula Linderbäck M Pauleen Mannevaara N Anu Nyberg Mats Nylund Jan Nåls R Carl-Johan Rosenbröijer Åsa Rosengren Katri Ruutu Tiina Räisä S Elina Sagne-Ollikainen Andrey Shcherbakov Sandra Slotte Matteo Stocchetti T Christa Tigerstedt Tomas Träskman W Magnus Westerlund Camilla Wikström-Grotell Å Susanne Ådahl Are you interested in knowing more about us and our projects? Want to collaborate with researchers and students at our UAS? Want to know what our experts think about an issue or the current projects conducted at Arcada - contact us! Arcada is a research intensive University of Applied Sciences. Several teachers are currently doctoral candidates at different universities. Our researchers have obtained their PhD’s in areas such as: Art, Business Administration, Computational Materials Science, Chemical Engineering, Economy, Exercise Science, Health Sciences, Information Science, Polymer Chemistry, Medical Science and Management and Organization. Several teachers are currently doctoral candidates at different universities. Course Lecturer in the Big Data Analytics Master programme E-mail:anton.akusok@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 545 Principal Lecturer in Occupational Therapy E-mail:annikki.arola@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 822 Senior Lecturer in Business E-mail:lana.beikverdi@arcada.fi Senior lecturer in Information technology E-mail:dennis.bistrom@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 818 Principal Lecturer in Analytics and Logistics E-mail:kaj-mikael.bjork@arcada.fi Phone number:040 777 32 70 Senior Lecturer in Cultural Management E-mail:maria.back@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 571 Principal Lecturer in Health Care E-mail:jonas.danielson@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 428 Researcher E-mail:majid.einian@arcada.fi Phone number:050 430 35 06 RDI Coordinator E-mail:daniela.eklund@arcada.fi Senior Lecturer in Emergency Care and Educational Planner (Continued Education) E-mail:christoffer.ericsson@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 838 Principal Lecturer in Digital Marketing E-mail:niklas.eriksson@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 620 Senior Lecturer in Health Care E-mail:lotta.eronen@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 683 Dean / Vice Rector E-mail:maria.forss@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 707 Rector, CEO E-mail:mona.forsskahl@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 600 Senior Lecturer in Physiotherapy E-mail:thomas.hellsten@arcada.fi Phone number:040 773 31 54 Principal Lecturer in Rehabilitation E-mail:ira.jeglinsky-kankainen@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 834 Senior Lecturer in Information technology E-mail:jonny.karlsson@arcada.fi Phone number:040 511 57 73 Senior Researcher E-mail:jyrki.kettunen@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 508 Dean E-mail:carina.kiukas@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 536 Researcher E-mail:kristoffer.kuvajaadolfsson@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 517 Principal Lecturer in Circular Economy E-mail:paula.linderback@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 711 Senior lecturer in Health Care E-mail:pauleen.mannevaara@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 541 Senior Lecturer in Health Care E-mail:anu.nyberg@arcada.fi Phone number:040 515 24 54 Principal Lecturer in Media Culture E-mail:mats.nylund@arcada.fi Phone number:040 512 56 99 Principal Lecturer in Media Culture E-mail:jan.nals@arcada.fi Phone number:050 521 76 47 Chief Digital Officer E-mail:carl-johan.rosenbroijer@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 658 Principal Lecturer in Social Work E-mail:asa.rosengren@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 525 Senior Lecturer in Sports Science E-mail:katri.ruutu@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 885 Principal Lecturer in Media and Culture E-mail:tiina.raisa@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 847 Specialist, Research and Innovation E-mail:elina.sagne-ollikainen@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 634 Senior Lecturer in Information Technology E-mail:andrey.shcherbakov@arcada.fi Senior Policy Advisor E-mail:sandra.slotte@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 668 Principal Lecturer in Media Culture E-mail:matteo.stocchetti@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 659 Principal Lecturer in Business Administration E-mail:christa.tigerstedt@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 529 Principal Lecturer E-mail:tomas.traskman@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 599 Principal Lecturer in Information Technology E-mail:magnus.westerlund@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 540 Vice Dean E-mail:camilla.wikstrom-grotell@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 821 Senior Lecturer in Cultural Management E-mail:susanne.adahl@arcada.fi Phone number:0294 282 729 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Research Researchers A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Å Ä Ö Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Strategic focus Breadcrumb Quick links Artificial Intelligence The AI-research at Arcada aims at solving issues related to: On going AI-research at Arcada: Contact us concerning Artificial Intelligence, Ethical assessment of AI and Social Robots: Christa Tigerstedt Magnus Westerlund Health and welfare Health and welfare research at Arcada works to solve questions about: Ongoing Research: Contact us concerning research in Health and Welfare: Ira Jeglinsky-Kankainen Circular Economy Contact us concerning research in Circular Economy: Paula Linderbäck Research collaboration Researchers Key research activities Arcada's overall strategic aim is to build Nordic bridges to be globally relevant and to create smart, digital solutions for a dynamic working life. Nordic cooperation for global relevance and smart digital solutions are Arcada’s vehicles to stay relevant in a changing world. AI and machine learning, Health and Welfare as well as Circular Economy are our core fields of research through which we aim to maintain and grow welfare in society. AI will have a great impact on society and therefore such systems must be safe and resilient to use. Arcada participates in Z-Inspection ®, an international research network that advocates “a mindful use of AI”, i.e. an ethical use of artificial intelligence. This is very important for instance when it comes to Arcada’s transdisciplinary research program “AI driven Nordic Health and Welfare”. This program is funded by the Ministry of Education and Culture, and here Arcada’s researchers investigate for instance the healthcare sector, where the impact of AI will be important, and raises many questions on for instance ethics and trust. Principal Lecturer in Business Administration E-mail: christa.tigerstedt@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 529 Principal Lecturer in Information Technology E-mail: magnus.westerlund@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 540 The major demographic changes throughout the Nordic region are one of our biggest challenges in the future. How should we as a society be able to take care of our aging population and promote the health of the population? The availability of social and health care services and the availability of competent health care staff is an important issue from the perspective of whole Finland. Arcada collaborates with Nordic universities, international research groups and participates in Nordic research groups. In our research projects, we have interdisciplinary competence and we use a multi-professional approach. Principal Lecturer in Rehabilitation E-mail: ira.jeglinsky-kankainen@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 834 Today and in the future we need to design our surroundings and services by utilising the principles of resource effectivity. This means taking into consideration the new practices of circular economy combined with the digital revolution. Arcada collaborates with both national and international partners in order to answer to the future needs of circular technology competence. Larger and smaller research projects are created based on the technological and practical problems in connection with ecological sustainability in the society and industry. The engaged students and researchers work side by side in projects for finding viable solutions on technological platforms of sustainable materials, material recycling, digital manufacturing and renewable energy, that enable the circular economy. Principal Lecturer in Circular Economy E-mail: paula.linderback@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 711 The versatile and interdisciplinary research at Arcada offer companies and organisations many possibilities for collaboration. Arcada is a research intensive University of Applied Sciences. Several teachers are currently doctoral candidates at different universities. Follow our current key projects. The common denominator - creating smart solutions for the future. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Research Strategic focus Artificial Intelligence Health and welfare Circular Economy A better use of the digital possibilities, and in the future to include AI to, for example to detect / support certain functions and digital processes Open architecture for digital infrastructure Distributed security suitable for modular systems Evaluation of the use of AI Privacy and ethics of AI Development of new machine learning algorithms Social robotics AI on Autonomous Vehicles AI on Maritime Industry and Autonomous Vehicles AI on Swarm of Drones AI on Humanoid Robots Autonomous agents for healthcare support Functional ability for elderly Secure identification of users Work ability for persons with mental health problems A better use of the digital possibilities in rehabilitation in the future Development of healthcare professionals education First responders' resilience in working life Health behavior online Inclusion in working life for people with functional variation Person-centered approach in social services and healthcare Sustainable working life Student care in elementary schools Wellbeing at work Comprehending compassion in organisations CP North, the living conditions for persons with CP in the Nordic countries Distance rehabilitation DITEPRACT, digital and hybrid teaching and learning Health technology solutions to support active aging Interdisciplinary competence for better public health Learning disability and working life Longitudinal study of the career development of healthcare professionals New ways to study health behavior Person-centered approach in social services and healthcare The Nordic education of future nurses Well-being of international nurses Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Key research activities Breadcrumb Main menu Contact us about our research DITEPRACT: Digital and hybrid teaching and learning MEDA Research Programme: AI driven Nordic Health and Welfare Continued support for Arcada's research in child-robot interaction How to monitor the transformation towards circular society? Cultural diversity in healthcare – the role of leadership and education Are you interested in knowing more about us and our projects? Want to collaborate with researchers and students at our UAS? Want to know what our experts think about an issue or the current projects conducted at Arcada - contact us! Follow our current key projects. The common denominator - creating smart solutions for the future. Through our transdisciplinary efforts we conduct research programes that study future challenges in society and working life, sustainability, the delivery of social and welfare services, health promotion and technical solutions that support an ageing populations wellbeing. There is a need to develop high quality innovative hybrid and digital teaching strategies to support learning of practical skills in higher education and to support teacher competence in practically oriented distance teaching and learning. Media and Education in the Digital Age (MEDA) is a programme that addresses the challenges, risks and opportunities associated to the use of media in the great variety of social practices that are usually included in the broader definition of educational practices. AI driven Nordic Health and Welfare is a research programme where AI solutions are applied to social and health care within the Nordic welfare and social design framework, using a transdisciplinary and user driven approach. Category: Research Arcada has been granted 140,000 euros from the foundation Brita Maria Renlunds minne to deepen its research in how social humanoid robots can be of use in early childhood education in a safe and pedagogical way. Category: Research In March 2024, the project partners for Agile Circular Competence Network organised a three-day Spring School aimed at students, companies, and researchers interested in the circular economy. The focus of the third day was on understanding how businesses can measure their transition towards a circular and sustainable economy. Category: Publication The shortage of nurses is a global issue that already threatens the ability to deliver safe and effective care. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), this gap in the healthcare workforce, especially in Europe, could be characterised as a ‘ticking time bomb’ that could worsen health outcomes and, in extreme cases, lead to system collapse (WHO, 2022). Category: Publication Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Research Key research activities CP - North DITEPRACT: Digital and hybrid teaching and learning Laboratory for Trustworthy AI MEDA Research collaboration Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Research collaboration Breadcrumb Contact us about our research Camilla Wikström-Grotell, Arcada University of Applied Sciences Are you interested in knowing more about us and our projects? Want to collaborate with researchers and students at our UAS? Want to know what our experts think about an issue or the current projects conducted at Arcada - contact us! The versatile and interdisciplinary research at Arcada offer companies and organisations many possibilities for collaboration. We offer everything from short consultations, co-operation with thesis work to long-term development projects. Please be in touch to discuss more! Vice Dean E-mail: camilla.wikstrom-grotell@arcada.fi Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Research Key research activities Research collaboration Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Open Science and Research at Arcada Breadcrumb Quick links Libguide for open access Open science and research at Arcada Jonna Vocke Arcada publications Other publications Research, development and innovation at Arcada Research permission Arcada's Library has gathered an extensive information package in its Libguide for Open access. Arcada follows the principles of open science. We work for an open research culture, open access to scientific publications, research data and methods, as well as open education and open teaching materials. Help for publishing openly can be found in the university's electronic Libguide regarding Open Access . In 2019, 54% of all research publications were openly available. Arcada works actively to enable open access to research data and methods. As a member of the Finnish research community, Arcada takes responsibility and continues its work to support and encourage researchers at Arcada to work in line with the Declaration and international research. Arcada has signed the "Declaration of Open Science and Research ". Arcada's own recommendation regarding Open Access publishing for researchers can be found at the bottom of the page. If you have questions regarding open science at Arcada, please contact: Head of Library Services E-mail: jonna.vocke@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 504 Arcada publishes and stores reports, articles, conference publications and investigations in digital form in the following two e-publication series. These are published according to the Green Open Access principle. Everyone may read and use the publications online, provided that the author's copyright is respected and quoted in accordance with accepted academic principles. Arcada Working Papers (ISSN 2342-3064) are pre-publication versions of academic articles, book chapters, or reviews. Articles in this series represent investigations in progress and will be revised and published using other academic channels. Most recent Arcada Working Papers can be found on Theseus . Arcada has it's own publication series called Arcada Publication . The aim with this publication series is to promote the publication of research efforts and projects related to Arcada’s activities and areas of expertise, as well as strengthen the flow of information and knowledge regionally, nationally and internationally. All publications within the series can be found on Theseus . A register of other publications/articles and peer-reviewed summaries issued by Arcada staff can be found in Arcada's publication register. Arcada's blog for health and welfare is a public online publication where Arcada's researchers, teachers and students write about education, research, development and innovation activities in Arcada. Publication languages are Swedish, English and Finnish. The editorial board of the publication approves the articles. The contact details of the editorial board can be found on the blog's webpage. Arcada's blog for Culture and Media explores and makes meaning of the dynamic field of culture and the media industry. Read about the latest trends, events and academic arguments that are shaping and reshaping our world in ways that encourage us to reflect and debate on what has past and what has yet to come. The editorial board of the publication approves the articles. The contact details of the editorial board can be found on the blog's webpage. At Arcada we conduct both basic and applied research. Arcada provides an innovative environment with a focus on research-based innovation for business and the public sectors. We emphasise the connections between research and teaching involving students and the surrounding society in our projects. A research permission is always needed where students or staff are informants or objects of research. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Research Open science Open science and research at Arcada Arcada publications Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Research permission Breadcrumb Quick links Contact us about our research Research permission application Mark Dougherty Approval of research permission Are you interested in knowing more about us and our projects? Want to collaborate with researchers and students at our UAS? Want to know what our experts think about an issue or the current projects conducted at Arcada - contact us! A research permission is always needed where students or staff are informants or objects of research. Application form for research permission Please submit the following attachments in the form: The evaluation of the application takes 2-4 weeks. If the application has not been completed properly or if some attachments are missing, the process may be delayed. The application and its attachments are directed to: Dean - Due to hearing loss, this person can only be reached by e-mail. A video meeting that facilitates verbal communication can be booked if necessary. E-mail: mark.dougherty@arcada.fi The research permission is primarily granted for research and thesis work that contribute to the development of Arcada’s operations and to relevant national research. In case of a granted research permission, information concerning the research, contact details and a link to the research questionnaire will be published on the students and the staff intranet. E-mailing will only be used with special consideration and personal data will only be handed in exceptional circumstances. By limiting the use of personal data Arcada wants to secure the data protection of the students and the staff, ensure the validity of the research project and prevent research exhaustion. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Research Research permission Research permission application Research plan Information intended to informants (covering letter and consent form) Questionnaire or interview outline Ethical pre-evaluation of research, if applicable Data protection statement for scientific research (if data containing identifiers is gathered from participants) Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Contact Arcada research Breadcrumb Research collaboration Researchers Research permission Mark Dougherty Elina Sagne-Ollikainen Arcada strengthens leadership - Professor Mark Dougherty appointed new Dean The versatile and interdisciplinary research at Arcada offer companies and organisations many possibilities for collaboration. Arcada is a research intensive University of Applied Sciences. Several teachers are currently doctoral candidates at different universities. A research permission is always needed where students or staff are informants or objects of research. Are you interested in knowing more about us and our projects? Want to collaborate with researchers and students at our UAS? Want to know what our experts think about an issue or the current projects conducted at Arcada - contact us! Dean - Due to hearing loss, this person can only be reached by e-mail. A video meeting that facilitates verbal communication can be booked if necessary. E-mail: mark.dougherty@arcada.fi Specialist, Research and Innovation E-mail: elina.sagne-ollikainen@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 634 With his international background and extensive experience in the higher education sector, Professor of Information Technology Mark Dougherty brings new strengths to the management of Arcada. From August, he will take over as Dean for the Graduate School and Research. Category: News Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Research Contact Arcada research Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu CP - North news Breadcrumb Contact CP -North Derek Asuman defended his doctoral thesis 'Labour market consequences of cerebral palsy in Sweden' September 15 2023 at Lund University CP-North reserchers were well represented at the AACPDM conference in Chicago 10-13.9.2023. NordForsk highlights CP-North in their news - read the interview with Gunnar Hägglund here: CP-North researchers met in Iceland Several CP-North researchers attended the CAPA conference. CP-North was well represented at the EACD Conference 2022 CP-North researchers met in Kastrup CP-North researchers presented NorCP and CP-North May we introduce our project assistant Health and Wellbeing of Individuals with Disability Deadline for manuscript submissions: 30 September 2021 CP-North researcher Sandra Julsen Hollung presented a free paper presentation Friday September 25 at the AACPDM 74th Annual Meeting entitled: New CP-North doctoral student! CP-North was well represented at the AACPDM congress in Anaheim in September 2019 The 11th Congress on the European Pain Federation in Valencia May we present two of the PhD students in the CP-North project Copenhagen in the end of August 2019 CP-North was represented at the EACD conference in May Great interest among budding health economists to work with CPNorth! CP-North was represented at the AACPDM annual conference Copenhagen 30-31.8.2017 CP-Associations in Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Iceland and the Faeroe Islands met 23-24.9.17 in Iceland If you have any questions feel free to contact us! News from CP - North Our warmest congratulations to Dr. Derek. Doctoral student Jessica Stockman presented her study Ankle-Foot Orthoses Among Children With Cerebral Palsy: A Cross-Sectional Population-Based Register Study Of 8,928 Children Living In Sweden, Norway, Finland, Iceland, Scotland, And Denmark (picture below) Master student Stine Johansen presented her master thesis 'Use Of Primary Healthcare Services Among Children and Youths with Cerebral Palsy in Norway, A Registry-Based Study'. Stine´s abstract was one of top 10 abstracts and nominated for Gayle G. Arnold Award for Excellence. Stine Johansen (middle) with her supervisors Guro Andersen (left) and Sandra Julsen Hollung (right). Matti Ahonen, MD, Associated Professor, presented 'Surgery for Neuromuscular Scoliosis Is Associated with Reduced Pulmonary Mortality in Children with Cerebral Palsy'. The abstract was top 10 for Best Adult Paper Award. Ira Jeglinsky, Pt, Associated Professor, presented 'Health Information Behavior of People with Cerebral Palsy'. https://www.nordforsk.org/news/children… CP-North researcher Johan Jarl and doctoral student Derek Asuman spent a month in Iceland October/November 2022, visiting CP-North researcher Tinna Laufey Ásgeirsdóttir and post doc Hjördís Harðardóttir. Tinna has got funding from Icelandic Research Fund for a three year health economic project “Living Life with Cerebral Palsy”. Researchers from Iceland and Sweden collaborate in the project. During the visit they worked on Derek´s study “The impact of child disability on parental labour market outcomes” and Hjördís´s study “The likelihood of re-partnering for single and divorced parents to children with Cerebral Palsy”. During their visit they also attended an Icelandic national seminar on social science, Þjóðarspegillinn (https://thjodarspegillinn.hi.is/ ). The CAPA conference had participation as the key focus, and one aim was to identify research questions needed to be answered in order to get evidence-based knowledge about the benefits of participation. People from all over the world met in the beautiful Beitostølen in Norway to listen to inspiring key note presentations, and to discuss both in and between workshops. We also had the opportunity to visit the Beitostølen Health Center and try different adapted sports. The European Academy of Childhood Disability Conference was this year in Barcelona May 18-21. CP-North presented several abstracts during the conference. CP-North researcher Ann Alriksson-Schmidt, doctoral student Derek Asuman and master student Samu Mtutu. Erasmus fellow Melinda Rocci Most of the CP-North researchers met April 11-12 in Kastrup, Denmark. We had fruitful discusses about reporting, ongoing and future studies and the future of the CP-North programme. Professor Gunnar Hägglund, initiator of CP-North and PI from the start will resign from being PI, Associate professor Ann Alriksson Schmidt will take over the PI role. We also had the pleasure of welcoming new researchers; Gija Rackauskaite and Christina Hoei-Hanssen from Denmark, and Mika Gissler and Markus Keski-Säntti from Finland. CP-North researchers Professor Guro Andersen and Dr Sandra Julsen Hollung were invited to present a keynote lecture on the “Status of Norwegian Quality and Surveillance Registry for Cerebral Palsy (NorCP)” at 2021 Rehab for Kids Conference & Hot Topics in Cerebral Palsy Research - Australasian Cerebral Palsy Clinical Trials Network - University of Queensland (uq.edu.au) . Vibeke Müller is a project assistant working on the project “Having a child with Cerebral Palsy: Effects on parental divorce risk, mental health, and likelihood of having additional children”. In August 2020, Ms. Vibeke Müller – a health economist – began to work as a project assistant at the Health Economics Unit at Lund University. Her work includes investigating the effects of having a child with CP on parental risk of divorce, mental health, and the likelihood of having additional children. Further, she will examine how these outcomes affect each other and whether personal assistance ameliorates potential negative effects of having a child with CP on the parental outcomes. Message from the Guest Editors:Disability affects millions of people globally, as well as their families and society. Some individuals are born with disabilities from birth, perhaps due to a congenital medical condition or an event that happened during delivery. Others acquire disability at a later stage of life, for instance through a traumatic accident during midlife. Others still age into disability in the later years of life. Disability is multifaceted, and how it is experienced, perceived, and discussed differs across geographical and academic cultures and traditions. In the last few decades, disabilityrelated research has been largely shaped by the International Classification of Functioning, Disability, and Health (ICF) framework, where it is recognized that activities, participation, the environment, and personal factors, in addition to body function and structures, interact to shape a person’s life. In this inaugural Issue of Disability, we encourage submissions related to quality of life (QoL), wellbeing, and health in individuals with disabilities across the lifespan from a person-centered multidisciplinary perspective. Guest Editors: Dr. Ann Alriksson-Schmidt Department of Clinical Sciences Lund, Skåne University Hospital, Orthopedics, Lund University, 221 00 Lund, Sweden ann.alriksson-schmidt@ med.lu.se Dr. Ira Jeglinsky-Kankainen Arcada, University of Applied Sciences, 00560 Helsinki, Finland ira.jeglinsky-kankainen@ arcada.fi Deadline for manuscript submissions: 30 April 2021. Prevalence and severity of individuals with cerebral palsy in the Nordic countries and Scotland, a CP-North study. Jessica Stockman PhD student with the project "Orthosis use and comorbidity in individuals with cerebral palsy and myelomeningocele" At the beginning of 2020, Ms. Jessica Stockman—a physiotherapist at the habilitation center in Nyköping, Sweden— began her doctoral studies at Lund University. Ms. Stockman will continue her clinical work and complete her doctoral studies on a part-time basis. Her doctoral work include investigating the use of orthoses in children and adolescents with CP. She will also study the prevalence, type and distribution of comorbidities related to CP over the life span. We welcome Jessica and wish her good luck! Johan Jarl presented education outcomes for children with CP in Sweden. Amanda Burman Rimstedt presented a CP-North study at the 11th Congress on the European Pain Federation in Valencia, Spain in August 2019. May we present two of the PhD students in the CP-North project. Amanda Burman Rimstedt is a nurse, who has worked within the area of public health. Her research focuses on pain in children and youth with disabilities, with a focus on children/youth with CP. Derek Asuman is the first official CP-North PhD student. He´s research is focusing on the health economic aspects of CP in the Nordic countries, including labor market, educational outcomes and health services. The CP-North researchers spent two successful and fruitful days in Copenhagen in the end of August. During the days we shared experiences and planned for new studies within the project. We are happy that user representatives Virpi Siiskonen, David Heyerdahl and Anna Myhrman could join the meeting CP-North was represented at the European Academy for Childhood Disability Conference in Paris in May 2019.Reidun Jahnsen and Guro Andersen presented the poster. Sixty-three applicants applied for the doctoral position with CPNorth that recently closed. Health economist, and will be supervisor Associate Professor Johan Jarl was pleased with the turn-out “We are delighted that there were so many qualified applicants who were interested in working with CPNorth” Now, the journey has begun to select the candidate who will become the first official CPNorth PhD student. CP-North was represented at the American Academy for Cerebral Palsy and Developmental Medicine (AACPDM) in Cincinatti, Ohio, USA in October 9-13. Two posters related to CP-North was presented. “CP-NORTH: Living Life with Cerebral Palsy in the Nordic Countries?” and “Health-related Quality of Life in Adults with Cerebral Palsy ” arose both interest among the congress participants. Our project CP-North: Living life with cerebral palsy in the Nordic countries, had its kick-off in Copenhagen 30-31.8.2017. We had two days of inspiring discussions, brainstorming and planning for the near future. CP Norden, which is a network between the CP-Associations in Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Iceland and the Faeroe Islands met 23-24.9.17 in Iceland. The participants were introduced to CP-North. Many had heard of CP North and everyone was happy that we were taking the effort to do this research. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Research Key research activities CP - North CP - North news Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Highlights 2019 Breadcrumb Annual Report 2019 Highlights 2019 On the main page of the annual report you can read more about key figures and what has been in focus during the year. Here you can read more about the highlights of 2019 at Arcada. 2019 was quite simply a year of transition – our areas of focus, our way of working and our organisation sought new routes – and by the end of the year we were looking steadily to the future. Click on the months to read the highlights. To further sharpen its international profile, Arcada established the new position of Director of Academic Partnerships. D.H.Sc. Camilla Wikström-Grotell takes on this new role from 1 January 2019. Arcada could pride itself on being the first to offer specialisation for osteoporosis nurses. A second course took place in the autumn of 2019. The ultramodern Arcada Hall was inaugurated Wednesday 27 March. The first floors incorporate 103 student flats while the top floor consists of the sports hall, a gym and a test lab. The amazing contribution of Cultural Management students Moa West and Emma Koskenvesa brought them to the finals in the global student competition RSA Student Design Awards in London. Their project focuses on how to repurpose an old commuter train station. For the first time, Arcada took part in SuomiAreena in Pori. The themes for 2019 were know-how and innovations for the future. Together with the Helsinki summer University and the Ministry for Education and Culture Arcada organized a panel debate where future know-how and work prospects were discussed. Arcada’s rector Mona Forsskåhl participated in the discussion ”Machine or Man – Cutting-edge expertise for the Job Market of Tomorrow”. Arcada’s rector Mona Forsskåhl was chosen as new chairperson for Samordningsdelegationen för den svenskspråkiga högskoleutbildningen i Finland, an organisation coordinating Swedish-language university education in Finland. Forsskåhl took over August 15 after her predecessor Åbo Akademi University’s former rector Mikko Hupa. Arcada alumni created the Swedish-language series Badrumsliv (Bathroom Life), launched in 2019. Screenplay and direction are both Kaya Pakaslahti’s. This successful web series comprises 18 instalments and caused quite a stir from the very beginning. In September some 60 000 people in Finland had seen the first episode. The series, described as feminist comedy, is based on social media stories by young women, collected by Pakaslahti. The series was one of the contestants for best TV program at the Kultainen Venla gala in January 2020. Chia Palkonen is the second-year student in Mechanical and Sustainability Engineering who with her team Hermes won the maritime competition Intelligence Hunt. The competition, held in Oslo on June 7, focuses on current topics in maritime supply-chain related business. Palkonen’s task was to develop an application that calculates the most efficient means of transport taking into account time, cost and carbon footprint. The first prize took the team westward: in October team Hermes competed in the finals in Florida. Project NURED (Nurse + Education + Development) is financed by the EU through The Central Baltic Programme. The programme produced two new curricula in home care education for assistant nursing and nursing students in the Baltic region. Arcada, the lead partner in this three-year project, hosted the final seminar on November 14. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2019 Highlights 2019 For the admissions round in 2019, a new type of Social Services programme in Swedish was launched at Arcada. The new programme was popular from the start and had the highest number of applicants per place this year. A total of 150 people wanted to try Arcada's new concept: to study full-time alongside work. The programme combines online and on-campus studies arranged during evenings and weekends. Arcada established a partnership with the MyTech-programme which is coordinated by Technology Industries of Finland (Teknologiateollisuus ry). Arcada’s Department of Energy and Materials Technology can now offer various projects to the participants in the MyTech programme, such as circular economy and climate change. The programme aims to raise interest in technology. Arcada hosted the NordYrk conference June 12-14, welcoming a large number of participants. The theme of the conference was Nordic networking and the latest competencies in professional pedagogics. The first experts in Big Data Analytics graduated from Arcada. This one-year Master’s programme is the first of its kind in Finland. Arcada took part in Pride for the first time. Arcada launched the new online Master’s degree programme Leadership for Nordic Healthcare. The new programme is a direct response to the new demands which leaders in the social and healthcare sector face. Applications to the programme were accepted from December 2. Linnea Mattson won the idea competition Arcada MindVentures. Her idea can possibly save many lives on roads in the future. In the course of her studies Mattson discovered that traffic accident victims die because of blocked airways. a type of neck collar with motion sensors, made to be worn when driving a car. With the help of Mattson’s neck collar traffic accident victims won’t be left sitting in a position that blocks the airways, as the collar lifts the chin by only a few centimetres in case of a collision. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu MEDA Projects Breadcrumb MEDA Projects FILM OCH IDENTITET (MEDA-CINEMA) (in Swedish) Projektkoordinatorer: Research team (in alphabetical order) Contact person Work cited Research team & international network Epistemic Injustice Network Contact person Background Aim of project Contact person MEDA MEDA Publications Projects in MEDA You can find information about a specific MEDA programme by clicking a project in the menu below. Our projects listed (in alphabetical order). The initiatives in this project are designed to address the challenges that inequality, exclusion, social fragmentation and polarisation pose to democratic society in Finland and the EU. To respond to these challenges and their risks for democracy, these initiatives seek to actualise the social and educational potential of the Commons. In the last three decades of so, academic interest in the Commons has been growing as a result of the effort to identify adequate alternatives to the excessive influence of the ‘self-regulating market’ in society. An important signifier of this interest was, in 2009, the attribution of the Nobel Prize for Economics to Elinor Ostrom for her study “Governing the Commons” (1990). After that a growing corpus of research has kept alive the debate and the quest for alternatives to the influence of Neoliberalism (Bollier, 2003) (Bollier, 2014) (Bollier & Helfrich, 2019) (Bauwens & Kostakis, 2014) (Bauwens, Kostakis, & Pazaitis, 2019) (Papadimitropoulos, 2020) (Birkinbine, 2020) (Kioupkiolis, 2023). In this project the Commons are defined as a form of organisation of resources, authority and society alternative to Neoliberalism and more compatible with the values and processes of democracy. The main and common goal of the initiatives in this project is to promote the knowledge, the culture and the processes of the Commons in education. In support of this goal, these initiatives also seek to establish and consolidate a network of stakeholders. For more information, please contact the project coordinator:Matteo Stocchetti, matteo.stocchetti@arcada.fi Förstärkande av den finlandssvenska filmidentiteten genom en studie och filmprojekt av medie- och filmstuderanden.Film och identitet är en empirisk studie om de grundläggande elementen för finlandssvensk film, så som den kan identifieras i det förflutna, men också, och framförallt, i framtiden. Denna studie kommer att framställas genom intervjuer med specifikt utvalda personer som i sin egenskap av erkända filmskapare eller sakkunniga är inflytelserika för denna identitet. Studien kommer att pågå från den 1 september 2016 till den 1 december 2019, och målet är att skaffa fram empiriskt bevis för att förstärka kursplanen för Kultur och kommunikation. Genom att till en viss grad identifiera de grundläggande elementen för finlandssvensk film kommer det att kunna erbjudas en mer inflytelserik källa av inspiration och riktning för undervisning, produktion och forskning på K&K. Kärnan av den empiriska informationen kommer att sammanfattas av tre sorts intervjuer: en undersökning om studeranden genom att intervjua dem om filmer eller dokumentärer som representerar finlandssvenskar, en intervju med filmforskare och filmskapare. Ytterligare kommer det att utföras en studie bestående av jämförelser av andra minoriteters filmtraditioner: exempelvis tysktalande italienare och samiska finnar. Läsåret 2015-2017 har det från skolan fristående projektet ”Points of View” (PoW) pågått på Arcada.Projektets mål är att utmana studerande att se förbi ”vad som säljer?” och istället tänka på vad ”Jag” vill berätta och ”varför?” – vilka problem i vårt samhälles digitala ålder är viktiga för mig att föra fram? 7-10 finlandssvenskar mediestuderanden kommer att inom loppet av ett läsår utforska ämnen i det moderna samhället som de personligen känner att är viktiga – i år har ämnen varit bland annat varit våld i relationer, äktenskap, modern synlighet – och därefter skapa ett faktabaserat manus för att producera en fiktiv kortfilm eller en kort dokumentär. I och med en studie av den finlandssvenska filmidentiteten kommer studeranden att producera dokumentärer och fiktiva filmer – enligt eget val – baserat på självvalda ämnen men med samband till den finlandssvenska identiteten. Syftet att integrera PoW med Film & identitet är att undersöka om det finns en finlandssvensk identitet inom film, och därmed kunna identifiera den identiteten, eller till och med etablera den. Matteo StocchettiDaniel Lindblom In the last few years, a spat of revelations about the unethical and in some cases illegal practices by some large digital companies have brought to the attention of broader audiences the problems associated with the corporate control on the digital infrastructure. In this project, the starting point is that the current digital infrastructure is dysfunctional for democracy because it is too dependent on proprietary software and a business model that prioritise private or corporate interests over functionality, transparency and access. In order to challenge this dependence this project comprise two sets of activities addressing the technological and business dimensions respectively: MEDA-Demos 1 & 2. The main goal of the former is to challenge this dependence by exploring the potential of non-proprietary software in support of data/privacy, digital rights and a new digital infrastructure more compatible with democracy. This goal is in line with the normative predicaments of the critical theory of technology and critical AI studies but also with the EU commitment to ‘digital sovereignty’ and digital democracy. The main focus of MEDA-Demos 2 is the political economy of the current digital infrastructure. The goal here is to explore business models capable of assuring the commercial viability of digital services based on non-proprietary software. Dennis Biström Pekka Buttler Leo Espinosa Kristoffer Kuvaja-Adolfsson Johan Penttinen Matteo Stocchetti (project coordinator) Tore Ståhl Matteo Stocchetti (project coordinator) matteo.stocchetti@arcada.fi The notion of ‘epistemic injustice’ is described in the important study by Miranda Fricker (2007), Epistemic Injustice Power and the Ethics of Knowing, and the contributions that followed (Anderson, 2012) (Kidd, José Medina, & Pohlhaus, 2017) (Medina, 2012) (Pohlhaus, 2012) (Medina, 2011) (Fricker 2019). With this project we want to explore the heuristic potential of this notion and the debates associated with to applied research on the digitalisation of higher education. The main goal is to develop the study of epistemic injustice and apply this approach to the effects of digitalisation, to support epistemic competence in higher education. The rationale for these competences is that while a true ‘digital revolution’ has not materialised, democratic societies are facing formidable challenges that cannot be ignored. In order to address these challenges, the ambition of this project is to support critical epistemic competences in higher education. In essence, these are the competences who combines ethical and epistemic knowledge, and enable people to recognise, support or oppose alternative truth-claims as legitimate or illegitimate. In this project we address at least three set of research questions concerning: 1) concept development and theory building, 2) digitalisation, and 3) methods. The first set of research questions relates to the approach of epistemic injustice: its ontological grounds, the main features of its key concept, its relation with ideology, and its relevance in the tradition of critical pedagogy. The second set of research questions is about the relation between epistemic injustice and digitalization construed as both 1) a broad process affecting democratic society and 2) a more specific condition affecting the ways of knowing/learning in contemporary higher education. The third set of research questions are about method. These questions are important for at least two reasons. First, because of the elusive nature of epistemic injustice. Second, because a ‘method’ for the educational and pedagogical engagement with epistemic injustice in higher education is the main practical deliverable of this project. Anderson, E. (2012). Epistemic Justice as a Virtue of Social Institutions. Social Epistemology 26 (2): , 163–173. Fricker, M. (2007). Epistemic Injustice. Power and the Ethics of Knowing. Oxford: Oxford University Press. Fricker, M. (2019). Afterword. In B. R. Sherman, & S. Goguen, Overcoming Epistemic Injustice. Social and Psychological Perspectives (pp. 303-305). London: Rowman & Littlefield. Kidd, I. J., José Medina, J., & Pohlhaus, G. (2017). eds. The Routledge Handbook of Epistemic Injustice. London: Routledge. Medina, J. (2011). The Relevance of Credibility Excess in a Proportional View of Epistemic Injustice: Differential Epistemic Authority and the Social Imaginary . Social Epistemology. 25, 15–35. Medina, J. (2012). Hermeneutical Injustice and Polyphonic Contextualism: Social Silences and Shared Hermeneutical Responsibilities. Social Epistemology 26 (2), 201–220. Pohlhaus, G. (2012). Relational Knowing and Epistemic Injustice: Toward a Theory of Willful Hermeneutical Ignorance. Hypatia. Vol. 27, N.4, 715–735 . Research team (in alphabetical order): Leonardo Espinosa Leal Lars Lundsten Tiina Räisä (network coordinator) Matteo Stocchetti (project coordinator) Tore Ståhl Johanna Enser-Kananen - Publications: https://www.jyu.fi/hytk/fi/laitokset/kivi/henkilosto/henkilosto/ennser-kananen-johanna Katalin Fehér - Publications: https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Katalin-Feher Charles Mathies - Publications: https://ktl.jyu.fi/en/staff/mathies-charles/publications Markus Naarttijärvi - Publications: https://www.umu.se/en/staff/markus-naarttijarvi/?flik=publikationer Jenny Wiik - Publications: https://www.gu.se/en/about/find-staff/jennywiik Ramon Alvarado - Publications: https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Ra… Daniel Putnam - Publications: https://www.danielmputnam.com/#published Reijo Kupiainen - Publications: https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Re… Tiina Räisä - tiinar@arcada.fi People read more than ever when using social media and mobile applications for various communicative functions. Yet, the decline in reading competences, i.e. abilities to read and comprehend longer texts, has become a major concern for educational institutions at all levels. In countries like Finland, 15-year old were ranked as the ‘best readers’ compared to other OECD-countries in 2000. More recent statistic has caused strong reactions; an ICILS report (2018) shows that 62% of the Finnish higher vocational training students have weak or only sufficient skills in critical reading. Also, library rates and sold hardcopies alike are in decline, while audiobooks are found more attractive. Overall, the understanding of function of books and reading is in turmoil (Jaakkola & Räisä, 2021; Kivistö & Pihlström, 2018). While there is an ongoing debate on the direct effects of digital technology on, for example, the relationship between cognitive functioning and social media (Lara & Bokoch, 2021), or the relationship between health and gaming (Enevold, Thorhauge & Gerersen, 2018), a growing number of people report they face difficulties with concentration and focus, i.e. abilities required for perception and comprehension of the written word. There is a long tradition of western research pointing out that when discussing reading there is always some extra-literary aspects at stake such as national identities, prosperity, and health. Less advantaged groups such as women and children has repeatedly been said to read too little or too much (Lehtonen, 2013; Mäkinen, 2017). Also, research has shown that reading is not a natural ability, something humans are born with. Instead, reading is a cultural skill, something we have learned to appreciate as a practice for individual growth, for producing new knowledge and for constructing democracies. What is under threat is the love of reading (in Swedish läslust and in Finish lukuhalu) (Mäkinen, 1997), and the consequences that follow from people not reading longer texts. The starting point for the project Functional literacies in the digital age, is what emerges as a new, ‘cultural pandemic’: a situation where citizens, be they children, university students, old people, all alike encounter challenges with concentration and focus, i.e. required tools for reading and understanding longer texts, such as books. There are two scenarios unfolding from people reading less. Firstly, the role of higher education institutions is challenged by the fact that the prerequisites of its core activities or rationale, reading, critical thinking and writing, is eroding. What is more, universities are not only educating for real life conditions, for various professional functions, but also have a responsibility to ensure that societies work as democracies. Secondly, reading affects societies, and our democratic condition. With a growing number of digital technologies at hand, citizens would need substantially more critical reading competences, in order to navigate themselves and make informed decisions which support the democratic process. In short, with less people capable of reading and comprehending longer texts, we potentially have at hand a new class division: a border between those who can and cannot read. We believe that we need more research on the relationship between functional literacies and democracy, while implementing the role of digitalization in investigation. To cure the ‘cultural pandemic’ we need to find solutions so as to change the negative development and improve the conditions for reading longer texts, for the sake of universities and for democracies. The aim of the project is threefold: 1) Describe the qualities and power of digital media technologies in reference to reading. This includes an assessment of the media as an attention-seeking logic (cf. Räisä, 2022) and the instrumentalisation of digital practices in a reading context.2) Formulate a research-agenda for researching the highly complex and co-dependent field of reading in the digital age. The problem requires an interdisciplinary approach in order to be described, and consequently a broad network of different expertise. 3) Formulate research questions and methods for collecting and interpreting data for producing new knowledge on functional literacies in the digital age and for formulating policy recommendations. The overall research question we pursuit to answer is: What are the conditions of functional literacies in the digital age and what are their effects on higher education and democracies? The research is relevant for higher education in general but also for the Swedish speaking community specifically. With less functionally literate people there is less changes of developing language specific cultures and uphold the Swedish speaking society. Tiina Räisä - E-mail:tiinar@arcada.fi Project coordinator: Matteo Stocchetti This project is inspired by the idea that no matter how disenchanted we may be about the democratic potential of digital technologies, that potential is not lost and applied research can give a fundamental contribution to its recovery. A core ambition of this project is to contribute to the revaluation of this potential through applied scientific research capable of improving the quantity and quality of political participation through digital media. Demos is a Greek word that, in the notion used here, indicates the people regarded as a political formation: a deliberative unit composed by formally equal members, willing and capable of performing organized collective action ultimately inspired by the effort of being master of its own destiny. In order to exist and survive, a democratic regime needs its demos as a body needs a soul to be alive. But demos can exists only if certain conditions are met. Coherently with the general guidelines of the MEDA programme, also in this project the focus is on those conditions that are more closely connected to education. From this perspective, the reconstitution of the public sphere in the digital age is a challenge that has to do with the formation of individuals as well as with the political economy of communication media. Research activities in this project are performed in partnership with the Audience Research Office of Svenska Yle and include: MEDA_Demos Survey, an exercise that once a year collect information concerning youths access and contributions to online news. The analysis of readers comments to the online news of Svenska Yle. The initiatives in this project are designed to address the challenges that recent advances in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and related technology poses to formal high education. These challenges are many and diverse. They pertain to the context and the content of learning, to the processes of creation and justification of knowledge and, most significantly for the disruptive effects of new technologies on traditional methods, to the evaluation and certification of knowledge. The last challenge is especially significant because AI and related technologies make cheating easier and, so far, quite hard to identify. In parallel with a growing interest in AI and pressures for its adoption, a growing body of academic research is looking for effective responses to the increasing of plagiarism and other forms of academic dishonesty facilitated by these technologies (for one of the reviews of available research see, for example, Moya, B., Eaton, S., Pethrick , H., Hayden, A., Brennan, R., Wiens, J., & McDermott, B. (2024). Academic Integrity and Artificial Intelligence in Higher Education (HE) Contexts: A Rapid Scoping Review. Canadian Perspectives on Academic Integrity, 7(3). https://doi.org/10.55016/ojs/cpai.v7i3.78123). An important element that emerge from this debate is the idea that effective responses to this challenge should involve both pedagogical and administrative aspects: effective sanctions but also effective interventions on the broader relationship learning relationship involving students, teachers and school managers. The goal of formal education is not restricted to the certification of competences. In democratic societies, the main goal is the formation of individuals willing and able to combine democratic rights and duties in their respective communities. In this perspective, academic cheating is not primarily a behavior to repress and punish but rather the expression of a fundamental misunderstanding of the process itself. The core aspect of the challenges associated with AI and related technologies is thus not primarily ‘technological’ but ‘pedagogical’ and ‘ideological’. The problem that a new pedagogy need to tackle, in other words is not with technology per se but with the influence of a broader culture that privilege results over methods, the outcomes over the process and ultimately performativity over learning. In this culture, cheating can be seen as a form of defensive mechanism through which individuals afflicted by a fundamental fear of inadequacy, seek to pull through. The problem, on a macro level, is that the effective deployment of this defensive mechanism undermines the acquisition of competence and the formation of democratic subjectivities along the coordinate of truth and responsibility. The initiatives in this project are designed to support the formulation of effective responses to the challenges of AI and related technology in higher education, including cheating and other forms of dishonesty. To be effective, these responses by be compatible with and supportive of the educational and pedagogical goals and practices of democratic education. For more information, please contact the project coordinator:Matteo Stocchetti, matteo.stocchetti@arcada.fi Finnish society, as other advanced society, is highly mediatized: an increasing share of interpersonal relations and social life is mediated by a medium of some sort, most often a digital medium. The main question addressed in this project is the following: What is the role of the media in the practices or behaviours through which individuals try to preserve or improve their quality of life? Based on the insights of occupational therapy[2] and the approach of “salutogenics”[3], the scientific goal of thisproject is to collect, disseminate and possibly improve available knowledge on the role of digital technology on the social construction of the concept of quality of life and the practices, the needs and the aspirations associated to it. The evolution of communication technology is often described in terms of a powerful force of change. In this project we interrogate the role of this evolution on the educational functions of storytelling. Storytelling is one of the oldest form of communicative behavior: one that, throughout the history of humankind, participates in many important social activities, from religious rituals to informal communication. In this perspective it could be argued that, independently from cultural differences, the educational relevance of storytelling is a reflection of the importance of storytelling itself in the social construction of the real. The main question we want to address here is about the direct and indirect impact of digital communication technologies on the educational role and functions of storytelling. In particular, we want to address three sets of interrelated questions: First, what are the functions of storytelling in education? Why is storytelling important on educational grounds? Second, what is the impact of digital technology on the functions of storytelling in education? Do these changes create conditions in education and in the broader society that require fundamental changes in the nature and processes of storytelling? To what extent, for example, does the incredulity of the ‘postmodern condition’ affect the social and educational functions of storytelling? Or are these changes overrated when it comes to the fundamental functions of this communicative practice? Third, what are the risks, challenges and opportunities associated with the impact of digital technologies on the traditional functions of storytelling? Coherently with the mission of MEDA, in this project the focus is on practical problems, with conceptual or theoretical issues addressed only when strictly necessary to clarify the nature of these problems. Our main goal is to gather relevant information, knowledge and opinion concerning the past, present and future educational role of storytelling in the digital age for a primary audience of media and communication students, teachers and educators. Media and Education in the Digital Age (MEDA) is a programme that addresses the challenges, risks and opportunities associated to the use of media in the great variety of social practices that are usually included in the broader definition of educational practices. MEDA Publications Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Research Key research activities MEDA MEDA Projects [2] http://www.caot.ca/; http://www.aota.org/ ; [3] http://www.salutogenesis.fi/eng/Salutogenesis.5.html Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Organisation Breadcrumb Main menu Quick links Organisational structure Board Meetings Election of Board Members Remuneration The composition of the Board of Arcada University of Applied Sciences Ltd. The composition of the quality council External members Student representatives Board of review The Cooperation committee The occupational safety commission Arcada's plan for equality and equal treatment Units and departments at Arcada Rector and CEO Languages unit Continuing education Working life cooperation and career support Counselling and student wellbeing Library and information services Finance and quality IT Mobility HR and administration Student affairs and admissions services Corporate Governance Arcada's operations are organised into three academies and a number of administrative units. This is the structure of Arcada's organisation: An overview of Arcada's organisational governance and structure. The Board of Arcada University of Applied Sciences Ltd. is responsible for the administration of the UAS and the appropriate organisation of its operational activities. It also makes sure that the accounting is appropriately organised. The Board is responsible for and supervises the administration of property and investments for the UAS. The Board’s tasks include steering and supervising the operational management, appointing and dismissing the rector (the managing director), approving and supervising the application of the strategy, approving the principles of risk management and assuring the continuity of the management system. The Board summons the annual general meeting and submits proposals for resolutions, which should be compatible with the Universities Act and the Limited Liability Companies Act, as well as the articles of association. In all its activities, the Board observes current legislation, the articles of association, Arcada's instructions and the Finnish Corporate Governance Code. The Board generally convenes 6-7 times per year. The Board has a quorum when more than half of the members are present. Arcada's rector/managing director presents matters for consideration to board meetings. The UAS Board consists of a minimum of seven and a maximum of nine members. Two members are appointed by the university community, one from among the staff and one from the students. The remuneration of the members of the board is established during the annual general meeting. Information on remuneration paid to the members of the board is set out in the annual accounts of Arcada University of Applied Sciences Ltd. Administrative and HR Director Susanne Homén-Lindberg acts as secretary to the Board. Arcada has a rector, who simultaneously functions as managing director of Arcada University of Applied Sciences Ltd. The rector is responsible for the day-to-day administration of the UAS, is in charge of the operational activities and is responsible for the management of the university’s property in accordance with current legislation, the articles of association and the Board’s instructions and directives. In all of his or her activities, the rector should act accordingly with the Finnish Corporate Governance Code. At the rector's disposal is a management group that supports the rector in the management and planning of operational activities. If the rector is unable, the vice rector carries out the rector's duties. RectorMona Forsskåhl Arcada's management group supports Arcada’s rector in the management and planning of operational activities. Decisions are made by the rector, who is chairperson of the management group. The members of the management group are: The mission of Arcada’s Quality Council is to ensure that all operations and actions at Arcada keep a high and even standard of quality. The Quality Council monitors and develops Arcada’s quality system, in which quality assurance and quality development are integrated parts in a constantly ongoing quality process. Arcada’s Quality Council consists of ten to twelve members with broad affiliations within the organisation. This includes one representative from each academy, one representative from the Student Services, one representative from the other units, one to two student representatives and two external members. The Rector appoints the Quality Council for a three-year term. The student representatives are appointed for a period of one to two years each. Camilla Wikström-Grotell, ChairpersonNiklas ErikssonIra Jeglinsky-KankainenMinna LehtolaMonica LövKim RoosAndrey ShcherbakovAnnika Skogster Stefan MutanenTove Ahlskog-Pursiainen Victor Carlsson Arcada’s board of review handles matters regarding the review of admission decisions, decisions regarding the loss of the right to study and evaluations of completed courses and accreditation of previous studies or competencies. The board of review is appointed by the UAS Board. The university’s General Counsel presents matters for consideration to board meetings. Arcada's cooperation committee acts as a cooperation body between employer and employees. The cooperation committee's task is to contribute to the development of operational activities and working conditions within Arcada. The employer is represented by Arcada's rector and/or vice rector as well as the administrative and HR Director, who acts as the chairperson for the cooperation committee. The deans also have the right to attend. The employees are represented by representatives from Arcada’s two staff groups, the teaching and administrative staff. The teaching staff is represented by union representatives and/or a co-operation ombudsman. The occupational safety representative also has the right to attend. Members of the Cooperations committeeChairperson: Administrative and HR Director Susanne Homén-Lindberg Delegates of the employer:Rector Mona ForsskåhlAdministrative and HR Director Susanna Homén-Lindberg Delegates of the employees:Mia-Maja Wägar, TrusteeJan Nyberg, TrusteePernilla Stenbäck, TrusteeKrister Karlström, Trustee Secretary: Leading Legal Counsel Anna Härmä The occupational safety commission deals with questions concerning occupational safety and equality issues. Members of the occupational safety commission:Chairperson: Administrative and HR DirectorOccupational Safety RepresentativeVice Occupational Safety RepresentativeVice Occupational Safety RepresentativeHead of Security Representatives of the occupational health service participates if needed. Secretary: Leading Legal Counsel The activities at Arcada are based on equality between the sexes and we are striving for ethical and social diversity. We recognise the equal value of all people and wish to promote equal treatment, stand against all manner of discrimination and xenophobia. Equality at Arcada means creating a good learning environment and workplace, where students and staff experience purpose, joy and community in their work and desire to develop the activities and themselves. An organisation as large as Arcada is by law obligated to produce an equality plan. The plan is based on the Law of Equality between women and men (1986/609) and the Non-Discrimination Act (2014/1325). The plan concerns both personnel and students at Arcada. Organisational overview of all units at Arcada. Arcada's rector leads and is responsible for the operational activities and represents the UAS in the external communication and community relations. The rectorate works with operational management and follow-up as well as overall strategy issues with the aim of developing Arcada's operational activities. Mona Forsskåhl Arcada offers vocationally oriented higher education and engages in research and development to ensure the availability of a Swedish-speaking workforce and contribute to a vital bilingualism. The research and development activities are an integrated part of the education and are focused on strategically selected profile fields, where research and development take place in teaching teams lead by a principal lecturer. Research and development are conducted in in networks of research institutes and other universities nationally and internationally. Arcada's educational and research activities are organised into three academies: Each academy is headed by a dean. The Languages unit is responsible for teaching language and communication skills at Arcada. In addition, the unit offers language support for Arcada's students and employees and is responsible for the evaluation of student competence in the domestic languages ​required by public employees by law. The teachers participate actively, nationally and internationally, in language teacher collaboration and various development projects regarding teaching and evaluation. Organisationally, the language unit belongs to the School of Business and Healthcare. Arcada also offers continuing education opportunities in the form of courses, specialisation studies, simulation-based learning and open UAS courses. Continuing education is administrated by the School of Business and Healthcare. Arcada services works to support students' study, career, and life management skills. The unit offers support through individual counselling on campus or online. Arcada services is also responsible for the library and information activities. The unit consist of three smaller teams: The library offers user-friendly and web-based library and information services for Arcada's students and staff, but the library is also open to the public. The library's central activities are customer service, maintenance of the collections, development of information competence, the electronic services, statistical follow-up and key figures, as well as cooperation with other actors. The main tasks of Arcada’s communications include maintaining and developing the UAS’s brand, making the UAS an inspiring environment for students and co-workers and through communicational means support the UAS in reaching its operational targets. The unit is responsible for offering a good infrastructure and tools for communicational work and has a co-ordinating, supportive and advisory role in questions regarding communications. The unit also includes campus services, which work to ensure that Arcada's building is a functioning, pleasant and safe study and work environment for students, employees and guests. The campus team also handles event and rental services and is responsible for student and customer service as well as the telephone switchboard. The main tasks are: The unit is responsible for Arcada’s finances, IT structure and student and staff mobility. Within the unit three smaller teams operate. This team manages the financial control and financial follow-up at Arcada. The main tasks include: IT is an administrative service unit that serves the entire organisation. The unit is responsible for the operation and strategic development of Arcada's IT environment. The unit takes care of IT-related issues and supports both students and staff in these matters. The tasks include: Arcada has a wide network of partner universities around the world. The mobility team works with student and staff mobility and supports both incoming and outgoing students and staff in the exchange processes. The unit collaborates with the degree programmes and our international partners to create interesting exchange opportunities all over the world. With the help of well-thought-out processes and structures, the HR and administration unit creates the conditions for Arcada’s operations to function smoothly and professionally. Arcada's student affairs and admission services belong to this unit. The unit works for an active and strategic supply of skills in a health-promoting work environment, which creates the conditions for a work career where employees feel job satisfaction and can take responsibility for their own work well-being. The main tasks include: Student affairs provide information to and serve the degree students. Arcada's study coordinators help students with, among other things, registration for the academic year, study certificates and study extracts, application for accreditation or degree certificates. Student affairs also serve our alumni in matters concerning transcripts and certificates. The admissions services provide service and information to all applicants and potential applicants to degree programmes at Arcada. The admissions services also manage the administration associated with applications and admissions. The team implements the statutory official responsibilities incumbent on universities of applied sciences. The Arcada University of Applied Sciences is maintained by Arcada University of Applied Sciences Ltd. on the basis of a licence granted by the government in plenary session. Arcada University of Applied Sciences Ltd. is wholly owned by the Arcada Foundation. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Organisation Corporate Governance Whistleblowing Organisational structure Units and departments at Arcada Alexander Bargum (chair) Christa Tigerstedt Abbe Karlsson Susanna Korpivaara Nina Lindfors Linda Mannila Per Nilsson Joakim Frimodig Anders Portin Rector, Mona Forsskåhl, chairperson Dean, Maria Forss Administrative and HR Director, Susanne Homén-Lindberg Dean, Carina Kiukas Financial Director, Tom Lindström Director, Arcada services, Annika Stadius Dean, Mark Dougherty Graduate school and research School of Business and Healthcare School of Engineering, Culture and Wellbeing centralised sustainable career support for students and alumni with a focus on skills needed in future studies and working life responsible for Arcada's data collection and analysis of the national surveys AVOP at graduation and Career Monitoring five years after graduation in charge of developing Arcada's SIMHE-services individual counselling and support special educational support psychologist services Arcada's contact person to FSHS (Finnish Student Health Service) student representative in issues related to wellbeing Planning of Arcada’s communications Maintaining and developing the UAS’s identity, image and profile Marketing and student recruitment Contacts and relations with media Events and conferences Contacts and relations with alumni Coordinating and developing Arcada’s fundraising Facilitating internal communication with co-workers and students Advise and support in questions regarding communications Annual reports and Budgeting Salaries Project Accounting Quality System Data analysis, reporting and follow-ups of the strategic goals. User accounts Hardware and other equipment Software Network and web-based communication Registers and information systems Data protection and information security Internal and external services and integrations between them AV services Telephony To prepare and implement decisions by the rector or collegial administrative bodies and assist the rector in the organisational development work Responsibility for the general administration and to further develop structures and processes To offer legal advice and support to the units Responsibility for Arcada's employer tasks and HR functions, including recruitment processes and salaries To offer tools, advice and support for managers in personnel matters Create paths for skills and career development Offer health-promoting activities for employees to support work well-being Responsible for occupational safety and to act as a contact link to occupational health care Follow up on gender equality work at the university Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Quality Assurance and Management Systems Breadcrumb Main menu Quality at Arcada Arcada has a high level of ambition regarding quality work and strives continuously to develop its operations with the aim of being a nationally and internationally attractive and competitive university of applied sciences. Quality assurance is a central part of the development work and the evaluation of the relevance, effect and impact of the university’s activities. Arcada is a multidisciplinary university of applied sciences that acts as a driving force in Swedish-language education in Helsinki. We fulfil our mission by offering degree programmes that support individuals' lifelong career development and through socially relevant research and development activities. In practice, this translates into: Arcada's education and RDI activities produce competent and sought-after experts for the needs of society, work and culture. We put student learning at the centre and emphasise sustainable development in our education. This includes support for student well-being and career development. Customised study pathways and clear processes for validation promote diverse and individual competence building. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Quality Management Quality system Responsibility for quality management Monitoring and evaluation We offer relevant, high-quality and timely professional education and supervision Our research, development and innovation (RDI) activities add value to society and lead to sustainable development. We have a strong international profile and an explicit set of values A general educational ideal characterises all activities. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Strategy 2024-2035 Breadcrumb Quick links Vision Mission statement Values Arcada is an international higher education institution rooted in the Nordics with a strong focus on research and development. In 2035, Arcada is an educational institution that recognises the strength in diversity. We apply science and research while encouraging commitment to sustainability and a good life. We pride ourselves on being an international higher education institution rooted in the Nordics with a strong focus on research and development. The operational environment is inclusive and encouraging. The operational culture is respectful and ambitious. The operational approach is humane and agile. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Strategy Vision Mission statement Values Arcada is a Swedish-language university of applied sciences for a prosperous, culturally rich Finland with two national languages. Arcada offers degree programmes within applied sciences at bachelor's and master's level in Swedish and English, as well as education that supports the individual's continuous learning and lifelong career development. Arcada conducts applied research, development and innovation activities relevant to society, in addition to cultural activities in dynamic collaboration with interest groups. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Sustainability and social responsibility Breadcrumb Quick links Solar energy A strategic choice at Arcada Sustainable education and research Arcada increases the ecological handprint Solar panels Gender equality and equal treatment at Arcada File Student well-being A sustainable campus Arcada takes action for the Sustainable Development Goals Arcada actively participates in the universities of applied sciences’ work for sustainable development New study plans make use of competence and sustainability Arcada launches new study package for engineers of the future Research, development and innovation at Arcada Integration Support and Services Our solar energy panels generate electricity for 3.62 lamps every day totaling 2 795 232 bulbs. Arcadas solar energy savings now total a 10 792 of new trees planted. Sustainability and social responsibility are present in all activities at Arcada: in our education, research, organisational culture and on campus. At Arcada, we have a broad perspective on sustainablity - both economic, cultural and social sustainability is something we see as crucial for the future. Working for sustainable development has been a strategic choice for Arcada since the beginning of the 2000's. Sustainability is a central part of our social responsibility and is at core of the quality and development work. We apply UNESCO's Education for Sustainable Development: innovative study methods and examination methods that encourage the student to include an interdisciplinary, holistic and critical approach in their studies. Our ambition is that our students and employees have the ability and willingness to work for sustainability, both locally and globally. Sustainability is central in Arcada's new study plans for each degree programme, as from August 2021. E.g. profiling our engineering programmes towards sustainability and AI meets society's needs and demands on competencies of today, and is in line with our strategy's goals to create smart solutions and support sustainability in all aspects. Furthermore our new profile in occuptaional therapy is also a strtaegic approach, Arcada is the only intitution in Finland to offer a programme in occuaptional therapy based on occupational science. Arcada's strategic focus on research is in the fields of Artificial intelligence and machine learning, Health and welfare and Circular economy. Our key projects in these areas study future challenges in society and working life, sustainability, the delivery of social and welfare services, health promotion and technical solutions for an ageing population. Our research involves degree student engagement as well as collaborations with society. Arcada welcomes the joint program of sustainability and responsibility of the Finnish universities of applied sciences, and strives to be carbon neutral by 2030. The focus is also on increasing the ecological handprint, not just minimising the ecological footprint. Read more about sustainable solutions and measures here. The solar panels on Arcada's roofs produce energy that corresponds to approximately 10 percent of the annual energy consumption. Arcada's building and location are optimal for solar panels on roofs as there are no houses or trees that cast shadows. Everyone who visits Arcada can follow the energy production illustrated with infographics on large information boards. The gender equality and equal treatment work at Arcada is based on our stated values of a respectful business culture and inclusive business environment. This work is concretised in a plan for gender equality and equal treatment that is regularly followed up by Arcada's occupational safety commission, management group and in dialogue with the students. Arcada educates for working life and society on a broad front. How we work with our students and how we look at issues of equality therefore have effects even outside Arcada. Arcada's activities are based on gender equality and the pursuit of ethnic and social diversity. This means, among other things, that we see that everyone, regardless of gender, should have the same opportunities, rights and obligations in all areas of life. This means an even distribution of workload and influence as well as the same opportunities for education, work, career and personal development. This applies to both students and employees. The management at Arcada is committed to acting in accordance with these values and the work for equal treatment permeates all activities of our UAS. The current plan is called "An Inclusive Arcada" and is in force 2025–2027. You can find the plan in full below: At Arcada, we work for the well-being of students from a broad perspective by offering services and support for a sustainable study time and life situation. In 2020, Arcada took a giant step forward in the work for student well-being when the Unit for Counselling and Student Well-being was established. The unit offers our students support in their study, career and life management skills through services like, among others, a psychologist, a study social worker, a guidance counsellor and a special education teacher. A concrete result of Arcada's work for a sustainable campus is WWF's Green Office certification, which we were granted as early as 2011. The Green Office certificate was renewed in July 2020, and we continue to work for increased eco-efficiency with annual follow-up. Our goal is to reduce our electricity, heat, water and paper consumption. Green Office is a concrete environmental program with the goal of reducing carbon dioxide emissions and reducing the ecological footprint of companies or offices with improved eco-efficiency as a goal. Green Office-certified organisations and their employees are committed to continuously do their best to improve the environment and reach these goals. Sustainable degree programmes, socially conscious research and a climate-smart campus are in focus as Arcada integrates the UN's global goals for sustainable development in all activities. Category: News Arcada's long-term work for sustainability is now being concretisised in the degree programmes as the university of applied science goes in for increasing its handprint and developing smart solutions for the future. Category: Education In December 2020, a great effort was brought to conclusion when the board approved new study plans for each degree programme at Arcada. Competence and sustainability are the key themes for the new study plans, which are designed to prepare today’s student for a rapidly evolving career. Arcada University of Applied Sciences offers a new set of courses to meet society's demand for engineers with knowledge in circular economy and sustainability.&nbsp; Category: Press release At Arcada we conduct both basic and applied research. Arcada provides an innovative environment with a focus on research-based innovation for business and the public sectors. We emphasise the connections between research and teaching involving students and the surrounding society in our projects. Arcada develops services for those who want to integrate with Swedish as their first language. Arcada's SIMHE status gives us the opportunity to support you along the way. The services will be developed during the years 2021 - 2024. Initially we offer guidance and counselling services for identifying appropriate educational and career paths. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Sustainability A strategic choice at Arcada Gender equality and equal treatment at Arcada Student well-being A sustainable campus Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu A Record Number of Graduates and New Openings for Continuous Learning Breadcrumb Highlights 2018 Programmes relevant to students Focus on the Learning Environment Further Education Strengthened Answering Today’s Demands – Continuing Education within Health Care Work-life Orientation Crossdisciplinary Approach Curious about what happened at Arcada during the year? Check out our highlights. A new record was set at Arcada in 2018, when a total of 500 students completed their bachelor’s or master’s degrees. Relevance and co-operation were key factors in developing new programmes within further education. "This is an enormously positive increase, particularly for our master’s programmes. The graduates there increased from 35 to 64 in just one year. A partial explanation is that it of course always takes a while for new programmes to become established, but increasing figures during a number of successive years can also mean that we offer attractive programmes", says Carl-Johan Rosenbröijer, vice- rector responsible for degree education. In 2018 Arcada offered 17 different programmes for the bachelor’s degree and ten programmes leading to a master’s. It’s a question of offering programmes relevant to students and society, to ensure they stay attractive. The master’s programme Big Data Analytics, focusing on AI, was introduced in 2018. The first degree students enrolled in August. "We have a lot of research in this area, building a basis that’s passed on through our programme. There’s an enormous demand for skills in this area within many different types of enterprises and organisations", Rösenbröijer concludes. This number of graduates would not have been possible without a high-quality pedagogy and a significant focus on the learning environment. Each department has its own laboratory or simulation environment. In 2018 the first stone was laid in the construction of the Arcada sports hall. The sports hall will create a state-of-the-art environment for the sports and physiotherapy programmes at Arcada. "The sports hall with its testing lab gives us opportunity to incorporate simulation as teaching method also within these programmes", says Carl-Johan Rosenbröijer. Continuous learning got a boost in 2018 when Arcada appointed a new director for contract education and continuous learning. This puts a new focus on continuing learning and is an answer to the needs in society today. "The job market and the world of work changes at a fast pace. It’s no longer enough to have a degree, there’s a need to continuously further one’s knowledge and to retrain", says Lotta Wikman, who was appointed to the new position. Apart from continuous learning, i.e. helping people to develop in their working environment, Arcada can offer contract education in co-operation with business enterprises. "Both areas need to be strengthened, but today we already have strong links to working life as the degree education at Arcada also is very work-life oriented." Arcada has the advantages of a small and flexible organisation; being able to react quickly in answer to new demands in society. The best example is perhaps the unique continuing education-module for health care professionals involved in the preventive work and treatment of osteoporosis. This programme started in the autumn of 2018. "This module was built in co-operation with Luustoliitto. It was very well received and will definitely continue, says Lotta Wikman. Arcada also organised the only specialisation course in Finland for infection control nurses and a popular seminar on acute geriatrics together with Finland’s nursing association", says Lotta Wikman. Arcada also organised the only specialisation course in Finland for infection control nurses and a popular seminar on acute geriatrics together with Finland’s nursing association. "The seminar attracted participants beyond the target group; for instance, many physicians attended, proving that the seminar answered to a demand not previously met", says Lotta Wikman. Changes are taking place in other areas as well, and the demand for specialisation and further education is growing. Together with the UAS Seinajoen ammattikorkeakoulu and Music Finland, Arcada offered a unique programme for those who want to work as a manager in the music field. The first students graduated in spring. In the autumn a new edition of the specialisation started. "The music business is an area that changes all the time, where you are really learning by doing – but it’s also important to have a basic education. This programme as well is very work-life orientated. The important thing with our further education programmes is that they answer to the real demands that professionals at work have”, says Lotta Wikman. This specialisation again relies on lectures with many of the top international names in the field, coupled with participating in various events and a development project of one’s own. The participants are also given the opportunity to work with a mentor during the course of the programme. Four departments became five when the department for Health and Welfare was divided into the department of Health and Welfare and the department of Healthcare in the autumn of 2018. "We have to increasingly work across the department boundaries, co-operate and try to learn from one another", says Carl-Johan Rosenbröijer. The crossdisciplinary approach is reflected in everything we do at Arcada. Working to find scalable solutions is a common denominator for degree studies and continuing learning. This effort was launched in the autumn of 2018 and there is a definite potential for working across the boundaries of both departments and programmes. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2018 Education Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Arcada shop Breadcrumb Do you want to dress in Arcada's colours, get a souvenir from your exchange period or find a small gift? In the Arcada Shop you will find both large and small products connected to Arcada. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Arcada shop Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Work for us Breadcrumb Arcada is a workplace with many opportunities. Come and create smart sustainable solutions together with us! Visit our job portal to read more about Arcada as an employer and check out vacancies. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Work for us Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Research at Arcada: Looking Ahead and Aiming High Breadcrumb Highlights 2018 Interdisciplinary Projects and Future Trends Increased Visibility Coordination and Support Curious about what happened at Arcada during the year? Check out our highlights. During 2018 a renewed emphasis was placed on research and its visibility. This was highlighted by Arcada appointing its first vice-rector Henrika Franck, responsible for RDI, in August. The increased emphasis on research and its visibility is off to a good start, with many exciting projects to develop further. "Compared to other universities of applied sciences, the research here at Arcada is already at a very high level academically. 37 of the 115 employed within education and research have a doctorate", says Henrika Franck. Why research at Arcada? Through its research Arcada wants to contribute to a sustainable society – that is the primary reason. Furthermore the research also strengthens our education and finances through external research funding. "What we do here at Arcada should benefit as many as possible in our society. We want to be able to offer education relevant to today’s challenges. It’s one of the things we really emphasize.", Franck explains. In the autumn of 2018 a research council, made up of representatives from the departments, was appointed. The council is tasked with considering common research projects and looking beyond department boundaries. A large scale cross-disciplinary project involving all departments was launched 2018. The common denominator is information criticism, and the project examines the challenge of disinformation from several perspectives. "In the field of health care, disinformation can actually be dangerous. Within the media world we look at how young people can become or can be encouraged to become more critical of the media. From the viewpoint of business economics, we look at how companies can be more ethical in the information they provide. And the technical sector has to look at AI and issues of responsibility", Henrika Franck explains. Three important future trends form the basis for research at Arcada. Work and livelihood – what will work look like 20-30 years from now? How is democracy being changed e.g. by technical advances? How can circular economy models be developed for the plastics industry. "The most important thing for research at Arcada is to think far ahead – and even to think big. How can we influence the society of 2040? What is our responsibility when conducting research into AI? What will the nursing profession look like in 2040 and how can we prepare today’s students for the future? We are constantly trying to look ahead – and to aim high", says Franck. The autumn of 2018 was the starting point for a collected effort to give greater visibility to publications and other results of the research at Arcada. This concerned both the academic world and society as a whole "We encourage our researchers to write about their work, for example in blogs and letters to the press, to be active in public debates. A school like ours has the advantage of being able to achieve fast results", Franck explains. The fact that Arcada now has a vice-rector specifically for RDI has given research activities more visibility, coordination and support. The focus is very much on helping researchers find suitable funding sources for their research projects. What is called for now is finding more extensive sources for funding as well as creating networks both in Finland and the rest of Europe in order to access larger research projects via the EU, for example. In addition, Arcada continues to support and encourage its teaching staff in completing a doctorate as well as keeping the threshold low for working with research. "We try to encourage our staff to take their doctorates. As this isn’t possible at Arcada, we cooperate with other higher education institutions offering doctoral studies. We help with funding and with finding the right university." Meetings for researchers every third week are a revived routine. To strengthen research traditions, plans are in the making for creating research teams where senior researchers can read the texts of younger colleagues. "Research doesn’t have to be something abstract that you do all alone, it can also be applied research conducted in groups. This creates an atmosphere that encourages innovations", Franck concludes. At the end of the year an internal research convention was planned as a start to the new year. It was conceived as the launch for even more cross-disciplinary projects as well as giving the teachers and staff from the different departments an opportunity to get together in a new forum. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2018 Research Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Erasmus+ Breadcrumb File File Exchange studies Erasmus+ is the European Union's programme to support education, training, youth and sport in Europe. Erasmus+ enriching lives, opening minds! The European Union's Erasmus+ programme provides opportunities for internationalisation and funding for education, studying or completing a traineeship abroad. In addition, the programme offers institutions and organisations opportunities for cooperation with their international partners. The 2021-2027 Erasmus+ programme priorities are The Finnish National Board of Education is hosting the national agency for the European Union´s education and youth programmes. Arcada holds an Erasmus Charter for Higher Education (ECHE) and participates in the Erasmus+ programme. Come on an exchange to Arcada! Arcada has about 120 partner insitutions around the world and welcomes about 70 exchange students each year. Around 50 nationalities are represented in Arcada, partly within the English degree programs and partly through student, teacher and expert exchanges. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Collaborate with us Erasmus+ inclusion and diversity digitalisation environmental responsibility active citizenship Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Exchange Studies at Arcada Breadcrumb Main menu Quick links Remote video URL Katía Torres Airava Arcada Fact Sheet File Application for Exchange Studies Exchange studies: Practical Information Exchange studies: Courses Come on an exchange to Arcada! Arcada has about 120 partner insitutions around the world and welcomes about 70 exchange students each year. Around 50 nationalities are represented in Arcada, partly within the English degree programs and partly through student, teacher and expert exchanges. You have not yet given permission to place the required cookies. Accept the required cookies to view this content. If you are looking to do an exchange at Arcada we recommend that you start by checking our list of partners for your home institution. You find an up to date list of partners database MoveOn , and our Fact Sheet below. At international affairs we are more than happy to help with any questions you might have about coming on exchange to Arcada. International Coordinator E-mail: international@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 868 A step by step guide to applying for exchange studies at Arcada. Tips and practical information to consider before your exchange at Arcada. Information about Arcada, contact details, the application process, course selection, accommodation, language skills etc. On this page, we have listed courses available to exchange students organized according to area of study. Please read the course descriptions in detail and make sure you fulfill the prerequisites for each course you intend to take. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Exchange studies at Arcada Application for Exchange studies Courses for exchange students Exchange Studies: Practical Information Double degree Arcada Fact Sheet Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Fundraising Campaign Tomorrow’s Heroes in a League of its Own Breadcrumb Highlights 2018 Strengthened Basic Capital A Successful Concept Boosting Our Image To Be Continued Curious about what happened at Arcada during the year? Check out our highlights. With a result of 6.2 million euro Arcada’s 2018 fundraising campaign surpassed all expectations and all set goals. Arcadas share of the 28 million euro raised by all the universities of applied sciences in the country was 22 percent. In relation to the number of students per school, Arcada was in a league of its own. "The largest donations came from foundations and associations. Many companies wanted to support Arcada, which makes us truly proud, and of course we had many private donors. We had more private donors than any other school, over 56% of all private donations on a national scale went to Arcada”, says Susanna Grönblom, fundraising manager at Arcada. The government had reserved 24 million euro as counter-financing for the donations raised by the end of 2018. These funds were allocated in proportion to how much each school raised, with a ceiling of 4 million per university of applied sciences. In Arcada’s case this meant that the campaign funds along with those from the counter-financing came to a sum total of 10.2 million euro. The returns will be used to continue the long-term development of both education and research at Arcada. The government granted universities of applied sciences authorization for fundraising in 2017. Arcada reacted swiftly to the new challenge and Susanna Grönblom was recruited as fundraising manager to head the campaign. The campaign has been a joint effort including Arcada’s rector, a steering group and an external campaign committee with valuable contacts to the corporate world and various foundations. Susanna Grönblom believes that the key to the success of the campaign lies in launching it as a concrete concept “Tomorrow’s Heroes – Made by Arcada”. "The campaign was all about highlighting the experts that Arcada educates and needs financial support for so that they in turn can strengthen society when they have graduated. This was a unique concept and we really worked at launching it in social media and in our advertising campaign.” Alongside the financial goals, the campaign has also sought to strengthen Arcada’s image. "Although Arcada has existed in its present form for over 20 years, there are still many who don’t realise the breadth of what Arcada does. The campaign gave us a fantastic opportunity to tell people what we do and to raise our profile. The third aim of the campaign was to get as many donors as possible on board and show that Arcada enjoys considerable support", Susanna Grönblom explains. The third aim of the campaign was to get as many donors as possible on board and show that Arcada enjoys considerable support. "Today Arcada is one of two Swedish-language UAS’s in Finland. There is a clear call for satisfying the existing demand for education in Swedish and internationally, she continues. New legislation has now made it possible to incorporate the fundraising that started as a campaign with Arcada’s basic activity. "In the future, external financing will become more important as the financial perspectives become more restricted”, says Susanna Grönblom. The goal for the campaign Tomorrow’s Heroes was to strengthen Arcada’s basic capital; in the future Arcada will be looking for funding for more specific projects. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2018 Fundraising Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Application for Exchange Studies Breadcrumb Quick links Nomination by your home university How to apply Deadlines Apply for autumn semester 2025 Apply for spring semester 2026 When and how do I get to know I have been accepted? File A step by step guide to applying for exchange studies at Arcada. Your university will send your nomination to us before you can apply for exchange studies at Arcada. All nominated students will receive an email with a link and instructions to the application. Please find more information below regarding the application process. We do not accept freemover students. We only accept applications submitted via our online application. You need to create your personal account in which you can make your application. Once you have registered and logged in, you can process your application at your own pace by saving all the information you enter and continue to work on it at a later stage if you wish so. You can log in to your personal account any time, complete the online form and submit your application, but remember, once you have submitted your application changes will no longer be possible.Required documents to be enclosed to the application Application deadline for the semester is on 30 April 2025 Nomination deadline: 15th April 2025 All early nominated students will receive a link to the application in the beginning of April. Exception: For practical training for Nursing students the following deadlines apply:Nomination deadline: 1 MarchApplication deadline: 15 March Application deadline for the semester is on 25 October 2025. Nomination deadline for partner universities: 10th October 2025 All early nominated students will receive a link to the application in the beginning of October. Exception: For practical training for Nursing students the following deadlines apply:Nomination deadline: 31 AugustApplication deadline: 15 September As soon the application period is over we will process all applications and start the selection process. We will contact you and your institution per e-mail within 4-5 weeks with the decision. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Exchange studies at Arcada Application for Exchange studies Nomination by your home university How to apply Deadlines When and how do I get to know I have been accepted? Preliminary Learning Agreement (Note that this is a preliminary learning agreement and you will most likely have to make changes to it). Your selection of courses must be approved by your home university. ERASMUS+ students: Learning Agreement from your Home UniversityOR Other students: Bilateral and Nordplus Learning Agreement ERASMUS+ students: Learning Agreement from your Home UniversityOR Other students: Bilateral and Nordplus Learning Agreement Transcript of records (official Grades transcript) from your home university (In English) A certificate of your English skills: min. level of B2 according to CEFR in listening, speaking and writing A photo (electronic, jpg) A photo of valid identity document (ID card or Passport) Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Practical Information before your Exchange Breadcrumb Quick links Arcada fact sheet File VISA and Residence Permit File Vaccinations and Insurances Stay in Helsinki (Tutor program, Introduction days, Social events) Accommodation Student accommodation Studies at Arcada Course Enrollment Grading system The Academic year at Arcada Academic year 2024-25 The Academic year 2025-2026 Useful sites on studying and living in Helsinki and Finland Tips and practical information to consider before your exchange at Arcada. Information about Arcada, contact details, the application process, course selection, accommodation, language skills etc. The best way to make sure that you have all the documents needed for studying abroad, is to check this with the Finnish embassy of your home country. The requirements varies depending on which country you are coming from, how long you will be studying in Finland, what you are studying and if it concerns only studies or practical training. The Finnish Immigration has compiled important information for exchange students regarding VISA and residence permit in the following document. Please make sure you have all the vaccinations needed and a valid insurance. Exchange students coming to Arcada should obtain all necessary insurances (e.g. health, medical expenses, luggage, home insurance) prior their arrival to Finland. Students from EU countries should additionally acquire a European Health Insurance Card before arriving in Finland. It is also recommended to have liability insurance. It is recommended that you have all general vaccinations (tetanus/diphtheria, polio, measles, parotitis and rubella) in order and that all available certificates of vaccination are brought to Finland. Please consult your doctor concerning possible need of a tuberculosis chest X-Ray. A student at the degree programme in Nursing may not be permitted to begin practical training if vaccinations are not in order and if the student is not in good health.Language skills Exchange students are expected to have a good command of spoken and written English in order to be able to follow the lectures and complete the course assignments, oral presentations and exams. Students selected to study at Arcada should have language skills at a minimum level of B1 according to CEFR in understanding, speaking and writing. Before arriving you should be in contact with your tutor, who will contact you via e-mail. The tutor can assist you upon arrival with keys etc. Let your tutor know your date and time of arrival. It is recommended to exchange phone numbers in case of delays etc. Arcada Student Union, ASK organize a tutor program and arrange all sorts of cultural events throughout the semester. A membership in ASK provides you with a wide range of sports opportunities. Introduction days are organized in the beginning of the autumn term, which you are expected to take part in. Only a short welcoming event is organized in the spring as the courses begin immediately. You can apply for a student accommodation through Arcada but there is a limited number of rooms available and therefore we cannot guarantee to arrange accommodation for all incoming exchange students. If available, a room in a shared flat will be pre-booked for you and you will receive all the necessary information regarding the student accommodation in the welcome e-mail. If we pre-book an accommodation for you, you don't need to take any action regarding accommodation before that unless instructed otherwise! You will receive a link and instructions on how to apply for accommodation after you have been nominated by your university. Do keep in mind that rents in Helsinki are rather high. A room in a student housing costs around 470-580 euro/month. You will share the apartment with other international students. Everyone has a private room (about 12m2). The kitchen, bathroom as well as the living room are shared. All apartments are furnished and the kitchen is equipped with a starter kit. The rooms are rented on a fixed-term basis for the whole semester. The fixed-term period for the autumn term is 1 September to 31 December and 1 January to 31 May for the spring term. For students staying for a full academic year the fixed-term period is 1 September to 31 May. Priority will be given for exchange students staying for the full semester (eg. autumn, spring or full Academic year) as mentioned above. When available, an exchange student staying for a shorter period may rent a room but the fixed-term period will be the same as mentioned above independently of his/her date of arrival and departure. It is also possible to apply for a studio apartment. The price for a studio apartment is higher then share apartments and the chances of getting this kind of accommodation may be lower, varying from year to year. A studio apartment costs around 600-800 euros/month The rent includes water, heating and internet for both kind of accommodation. Other accommodation More information about other accommodations will be sent directly to the students. Upon arrival at Arcada you will get a login and password to be able to access computers and the Study Administration System, SISU. You can then enroll for courses online. Login and password can unfortunately not be handed out by e-mail beforehand. More instructions will be given when you arrive. In one term you should strive to obtain 30 ECTS credits and in one year 60 ECTS credits. The academic year at Arcada is divided into two semesters. Always check which courses are available at the time you would like to study. Autumn semester 2024 (exchange period: 26.08-20.12.2024; to be confirmed later!) Period 1: 1 August - 27 October 2024 Period 2: 28 October - 31 December 2024 Spring semester 2025 (exchange period: 07.01-30.05.2025) Period 3: 1 January - 16 March 2025 Period 4: 14 March - 31 July 2025 Autumn semester 2025 (exchange period: 22.08-19.12.2024; to be confirmed later!) Period 1: 1 August–26 October 2025 (tuition starts on 27 August 2025)Period 2: 27 October–31 December 2025 Winter break: 20 December 2025–6 January 2026 (no tuition) Spring semester 2026 (exchange period: 07.01-29.05.2026) Period 3: 1 January–22 March 2026Period 4: 23 March–31 July 2026 (regular tuition ends on 29 May 2026 at the latest) Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Exchange studies at Arcada Exchange Studies: Practical Information Arcada fact sheet VISA and Residence Permit Vaccinations and Insurances Stay in Helsinki (Tutor program, Introduction days, Social events) Accommodation Studies at Arcada The Academic year at Arcada Useful sites on studying and living in Helsinki and Finland Excellent (5) Good (4-3) Satisfactory (2-1) 26 August 2024 - Introduction Day (to be confirmed later) 28 August 2024 - Tuition starts The autumn semester ends on 21 December 2024. No tuition between 22 December 2024 and 6 January 2025. The spring semester starts on 7 January 2025. No tuition between 22 December 2024 and 6 January 2025. Introduction session for new exchange students will be held on 7 January 2025. The tuition ends at the end of May 2025. This is Finland VisitFinland.com City of Helsinki National Public Holidays celebrated in Finland (the University of Helsinki Almanac Office) LUCKAN - The Finnish-Swedish information centre in Helsinki Caisa - The international culture center Caisa National Board of Education - about education in Finland. Study in Finland - Discover what Finnish higher education can offer international students. Studying in Finland Information on studies, practical matters and much more. Infofinland - contains important basic information on Finnish society and opportunities in Finland (a multi-lingual web site). Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Courses for Exchange Students Breadcrumb Quick links International Business File Health and Welfare Sport and Health promotion Physiotherapy Social Services Occupational therapy Energy and Materials Technology Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering - 2025-26 General Basic studies in Technology Sustainable Modelling Technical Modelling Materials Engineering Design Circular Economy Plastic Technology Advanced Materials and Design Project Languages Energy and Environmental Engineering - 2025-26 Culture and Media Culture and Media 2025-26 Language Courses Autumn 2025 and Spring 2026 Healthcare Nursing Language Courses for Exchange students Language courses 2025-26 On this page, we have listed courses available to exchange students organized according to area of study. Please read the course descriptions in detail and make sure you fulfill the prerequisites for each course you intend to take. Exciting opportunities, a truly international atmosphere and business contacts are key when it comes to the degree programme in International Business. Here you will find students that are preparing themselves for the modern business world. Instructions on how to choose courses 2025-26 When applying for an exchange to study business at Arcada you should choose one main subject + development studies. Please find the available course packages below. Courses shall be selected within a chosen package. Please note that subjects from different course packages, main subjects or different semesters cannot be combined. The recommended amount of credits per Semester is 30 cr. N.B.: There are a limited number of places available per each main subject module, which means that your choice of courses will be confirmed only after you have successfully submitted your application. In the following PDF you will find a list of all courses and a link to the course descriptions. This course list is put together for the incoming exchange students in Sports and Health promotion. Some of the courses are given out by other institutions, but are available to take. Select the courses from the list that suits you best. We recommend that you divide the courses as evenly as possible between the periods for a suitable workload. A total of 30 credits per term or 60 credits per year is recommended for Arcada students. Autumn 2025 Spring 2026 If you are interested in exchange studies, please contact the Physiotherapy (PT) program directly, or email international(a)arcada.fi, for further information about courses and clinical practice. You are required to have a minimum of 120 ECTS before starting your exchange and preferably experience from at least one earlier clinical practice”. At the moment we are only offering courses in Swedish within the Social Area. Please contact the Occupational Therapy (OT) program directly if interested in exchange studies. At the moment we are only offering courses in Swedish within the OT program. Note, we offer multi-form teaching with online lectures and study days on Campus only 2-3 days/month. This course list is put together for the incoming exchange students in Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering (Materials Processing Technology). Please select the courses with special attention to the course requirements (see the pre-requisites and co-requisites for each course by following their respective link). We recommend that you divide the courses as evenly as possible between the periods for a suitable workload. A total of 30 credits per term or 60 credits per year is recommended for Arcada students. *Includes composite project, design projects, manufacturing, testing and analyses projects. At the moment we are only offering courses in Swedish within Energy and Environmental Engineering. You will find the Energy and Environmental Engineering courses in Swedish by clicking the link below. Energi- och Miljöteknik Our degree programs in Culture and Media inspires creativity and innovation. Through regular contact with lecturers, researchers and industry leaders, students develop professional and analytical abilities that will give them the edge in cultural and media sectors. These options have been identified to allow international students an opportunity to explore, analyse and apply their knowledge in a Swedish-Finnish setting. The packages provide students with the theoretical background and guidance to develop a project they could complete while studying at Arcada. There is no overlap between courses so students may choose any of the following: Autumn 2025 Spring 2026 For additional credits during the year, we suggest the language courses for beginners. You'll find the details below At the moment we are only offering courses in Swedish for exchange students. Please note that each level is a prerequisite to the next level e.g. you can only take Finnish 3 after you have completed Finnish 1 and 2 or equivalent levels if you have studied Finnish previously. The same applies to Swedish. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Exchange studies at Arcada Courses for exchange students International Business Health and Welfare Energy and Materials Technology Culture and Media Healthcare Language Courses for Exchange students Language courses 2025-26 Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu SeaFocus Breadcrumb Arcada is one of SeaFocus' academic partners. The partnership means that Arcada helps SeaFocus to further develop the Intelligence Hunt concept and to find the best resources for the companies participating in the competition by disseminating information about the project to the students. Arcada is an Academic Partner of SeaFocus. Academic Partners are universities, which are interested in developing the Intelligence Hunt concept further with SeaFocus and to find the best resources for the Company Cases by spreading information about the project to the students. SeaFocus is an executive maritime business platform with special services and projects focusing on the development of the maritime industry. Intelligence Hunt® is a SeaFocus project promoting maritime industry as an attractive career path to the university students, and providing maritime industry and its stakeholders a magnificent possibility to get fresh out-of-the-box solutions and ideas. Please visit SeaFocus . Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Collaborate with us SeaFocus Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Open University Studies Breadcrumb Main menu Open Path studies Open Path Studies Open UAS Courses Are you looking to expand your knowledge, explore a new subject, or take a step toward a degree at Arcada? If so, it’s time to find out more about the Open UAS at Arcada and all the possibilities that we offer. The Open UAS, gives everyone interested, regardless of study background or age, the opportunity to take selected courses at Arcada, allowing you to broaden or deepen your expertise in subjects that interest you. If you’re considering degree studies, you may also apply via the Open Path studies. Explore our current course offerings in our course calendar. Many Open UAS courses can be completed alongside work. Teaching is offered during both daytime and evening hours, featuring a mix of lectures, assignments, project work, independent reading, online studies, and exams. At Open UAS, you can study at a higher education level in Swedish and English within the following fields: Read more about studying at Open UAS here. Open Path studies gives you a flexible start to degree studies. Open Path studies give you a unique opportunity to find out what studying at a higher education level feels like. The Open Path is an opportunity designed for you who are aiming at graduating from one of Arcada’s Bachelor’s degree programmes in the future. In the academic year 2024-2025 the Open Path will be offered in Swedish only. Open Path studies are an excellent opportunity if you're aiming at becoming a full degree student on bachelor-level. Through the Open Path you have the chance to experience studying within you preferred field. Once you have completed the Open Path studies you can become a full degree student without having to pass the entrance examination. Sharpen your professional profile by taking Open UAS courses! It is a flexible way of exploring a new field, deepening your knowledge or trying our university-level studies. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Open University Studies Open UAS Courses Open Path Studies Business Administration Technology Sports Media Culture Social and Health Care Languages Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu On campus your future starts now! Breadcrumb Main menu Quick links Arcada in two minutes Remote video URL The Arcada Building The Cor-house Student Housing Sports and leisure Arcadahallen Accessibility at Arcada Arcada is much more than just a university of applied sciences - on our campus you can build your future! The study environment at Arcada is great as it is a unified campus with a UAS, student housing and student union buildings. The campus surroundings are close to the sea and nature, but still has excellent connections to the city centre. The city centre can be reached in 20 minutes by bus or tram, and the metro is not far away either. Right next to the student housing there is a shopping centre with everything needed in everyday life and nearby are excellent areas for leisure activities. You have not yet given permission to place the required cookies. Accept the required cookies to view this content. We moved into our beautiful and modern Arcada building during the autumn of 2004. It was built for us and our specific needs, as a part of our campus. The building is owned by Fastighets Ab Arcada Nova. On the central indoor squares there is a student cafeteria and open spaces where everyone can meet up. The staff is found in open office landscapes and the study environments and projects engage students, teachers and researchers from various fields – all of this so that we can meet and share ideas with each other. Here you can go on a virtual tour of the Arcada building. The Cor-house is the place for all the students, a second home or a living room. There you will find everything related to the student life under the same roof. It is located a few hundred meters from the Arcada building and many activities are arranged here, such as parties, meetings and poker nights. The building, complete with sauna and meeting rooms, can also be rented it you have something specific in mind. The house was built especially for students and at the Cor-house you can find the student union ASK, and the student associations; Commedia, HanSe and HoSK. TLK has their premises in one of the buildings nearby. On campus, right next to the Arcada building, there are more than 600 fresh and modern student apartments. The newest ones opened their doors in spring 2019. Find out more and apply at the Majstranden website. As a capital, Helsinki has a lot to offer within culture, media, sports and events and as a modern and green area close to the city center, Arabianranta also has a lot to offer for those who like to spend time outdoors. If you want to meet new people, Arcada Student Union – ASK and the different Student Associations arrange pastime activities such as parties, sitzes, trips, cottage weekends and other events. You can also just stop by the Cor-house and enjoy the terrace with new friends. When it comes to sports, Arcada Student Union arranges different kind of activities. Arcada also holds a fully equipped gym, which all student at Arcada can use for a very reasonable prize. For more information about the Arcada gym and other free-time acitivites on campus, click here. Welcome to the sports hall of the future! Arcadahallen is a unique exercise facility: a modern sports hall with top amenities that has been built on top of five stories of student apartments! Accessibility is important to Arcada. Our goal is to create study and work environments that take individual differences and diversity into account. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Campus and study environments Accessibility at Arcada Arcadahallen Virtual tour Arcada in two minutes The Arcada Building The Cor-house Student Housing Sports and leisure Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Open Path Studies Breadcrumb Open Path studies are an excellent opportunity if you're aiming at becoming a full degree student on bachelor-level. Through the Open Path you have the chance to experience studying within you preferred field. Once you have completed the Open Path studies you can become a full degree student without having to pass the entrance examination. Arcada is introducing a new online path for International Business and Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering. The application to the online path will be open 24 July–4 August 2025. The online path consists of 30 ECTS of online studies during autumn 2025 and the price is €3,500. More information can be found on our Application pages. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Open University Studies Open Path Studies Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Open UAS Courses Breadcrumb Main menu Course calendar Express your interest in Open UAS Course Offerings Studying at Open UAS Ulla Nyberg Registration and fees Here, you will find our current Open UAS and continuing education courses. Can't find the right course for you in our course calendar? Register your interest in Open UAS courses here! Sharpen your professional profile by taking Open UAS courses! It is a flexible way of exploring a new field, deepening your knowledge or trying our university-level studies. The Open UAS, gives everyone interested, regardless of study background or age, the opportunity to take selected courses at Arcada, allowing you to broaden or deepen your expertise in subjects that interest you. Open UAS courses can be partly completed alongside work. Teaching is offered during both daytime and evening hours, featuring a mix of lectures, assignments, project work, independent reading, online studies, and exams. Our course calendar provides all the details on current course offerings, including duration, content, prerequisites, objectives, credits, and teaching methods. Registration periods for individual courses are also listed. If you don’t find what you’re looking for in the course calendar, you can also explore our degree program courses and express your interest for a course via our Open UAS registration form. When possible, we offer available spots in regular courses. Do you have questions? Find answers to frequently asked questions here. Career Counsellor E-mail: ulla.nyberg@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 553 Please find more information about Open UAS application and registration, as well as fees and payment below. You can apply and register for courses through Arcada’s course calendar. For courses with prerequisites, a separate application process may be required. Your application will be reviewed by the teacher, who has the right to assess whether your prerequisites and language skills meet course requirements. If they are insufficient, participation may be denied. The application needs to be approved by the teacher before you can register for the course. Please note, that your registration becomes binding upon payment of the course fee. Some UAS courses have limited spots. In such cases, students are admitted in order of registration. Open UAS courses are subject to a course fee, which is specified in the course description. The fee varies between 0–45€ per credit, in accordance with the Finnish Government Decree on Fees Charged by Universities of Applied Sciences (1440/2014, Section 1 ). The fee is paid upon registration to the course. Your place is confirmed once the fee is paid, and your registration becomes binding. The fee includes registration, teaching, exams, and a transcript of records. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Open University Studies Open UAS Courses Terms and conditions for registration and payment Open UAS courses are subject to a course fee. Some courses have prerequisites that you need to meet before registration is possible. The courses are at university level and require academic study skills. In some courses, you will study alongside Arcada’s degree students. Open UAS courses do not lead to a degree, but if you register for a degree program later on, it may be possible to transfer credits from previous Open UAS studies. If you are already a degree student at Arcada, you cannot be registered as an Open UAS student at the same time. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Arcada 2019 - Sustainable Solutions for Society – and for Arcada Breadcrumb Highlights 2019 Curious about what happened at Arcada during the year? Check out our highlights. Contributing to society is the main task and raison d’être of any university – certainly for Arcada! 2019 was a year of vision, of planning what our contribution to society could be and should be, and how to put it into practice. 2019 was quite simply a year of transition – our areas of focus, our way of working and our organisation sought new routes – and by the end of the year we were looking steadily to the future. The year was a dynamic one. Arcada entered the new decade well-prepared, most importantly by developing a new strategy during the course of 2019. Our new strategy takes its cue from Arcada’s previous choices and strategy, but focuses on new demands in society and global challenges identified as focal points for an urban Swedish-language university in Helsinki. Our entire organisation was involved in the drawing up of our new strategy and the task was completed at the end of the year by Arcada’s management team and board. Here Arcada took farewell of Arne Wessberg, the long-standing chairperson of our board. Through the years, he’s steered Arcada through both difficult changes and happy ones. He saw that the creation of Arcada’s new strategy needed a chairperson who would be living the strategy. Marcus Rantala was the person who took over from Arne. Marcus with his extensive network and his commitment soon found his place and his way of working with the board in order to finalise Arcada’s future strategy. The final version of the strategy was determined in January 2020. Two important ventures were instigated in 2019; both will in the long run be made possible by Arcada’s successful fundraising campaign Tomorrow’s Heroes. The newly-established position as director of academic partnerships will strengthen Nordic cooperation among universities while furthering Arcada’s cooperation with external university partners. The establishment of this position stems from two of the strategic focuses Arcada has chosen. Firstly, we aim to be a bridge between Finland and the other Nordic countries; secondly, we see cooperation between universities as a means of creating a breadth in competencies that we, as a small university, can’t achieve on our own. The second venture has to do with digital development, in particular digital pedagogics. Arcada’s teaching staff were supported in developing their digital competency and their digital toolboxes with the help of our I-factory and the new courses and tools that Arcada had to offer. In 2019 we became much better prepared for distance work, with a view to furthering sustainability, reducing travel that burdens the environment and being able to interact better with others. Little did we know how valuable this would very shortly become. Our school can also pride itself on having achieved several visible successes in 2019. On 27 March our state-of-the art Arcada Hall, built above five stories of student flats, was inaugurated with all due ceremony. Arcada’s own sports education department and quite a few sports associations didn’t hesitate to immediately put it to good use. Rector Mona Forsskåhl handing out congratulation letters during the graduation ceremony. We can report even more success stories regarding education. Arcada can pride itself on being first in Finland to introduce an osteoporosis specialisation programme in nursing. Furthermore, the new ground-breaking IT Master’s degree programme, Big Data Analytics, saw its first experts graduate. Two new degree programmes developed in 2019 will start up in 2020: a bilingual nursing programme and a Master’s degree leadership programme with a Nordic focus. As a Swedish-language university in the capital city, Arcada is one of the many and important threads in the network that makes it possible to live a rich and satisfactory life in Swedish in Finland. In this capacity, Arcada was involved in an active dialogue with many different aspects of society: in a Nordic conference on PROFESSIONS education, as a newly-flagged Pride school, being an active part of the SuomiAreena and seeing rector chosen as new chairperson for Samordningsdelegationen för den svenskspråkiga högskoleutbildningen i Finland, an organisation coordinating Swedish-language university education in Finland. All these involvements are part of our so-called third mission - to continuously interact with the rest of society. And beyond these involvements, Arcada’s contacts are fortunately broad, active and alive, and there’s ample proof at Arcada of the will and the capability to work at strengthening these contacts. Looking to our operating profit, the year 2019 was a success story. We can relate this to the changeover the university underwent. Focus shifted, in part, to developing projects and areas that will generate results in the long run. The reasons for this shift were twofold: the targets set up together with the ministry up to 2020 had, to a large extent, been achieved; also, our successful fundraising campaign made it possible for Arcada to go in for wholeheartedly developing the school. This successful shift is mirrored in the overall result for Arcada, which landed at close to 1,6 million euro. As rector I can on a daily basis be proud of the involvement that both staff and students show in developing Arcada and all its departments. I’m also more than pleased to note the positive interest in our school shown by so many, from guest lecturers and partner universities to visiting colleagues and alumni. Let me conclude by offering a sincere thank you to both students and staff and to all our external partners. Thank you all for the unwavering support you have accorded Arcada! Helsinki in May 2020 Mona Forsskåhl, PhD Professor, Rector Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2019 Rector’s Review Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu We support Arcada Breadcrumb Thank you to all who have supported us and are continued development! Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Fundraising We support Arcada Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Schools Breadcrumb Quick links Graduate School and Research Master's degree programmes Research School of Business and Healthcare Business Healthcare School of Engineering, Culture and Wellbeing Engineering Culture Wellbeing Arcada's educational and research activities are organised into three schools. Arcada offers professionally oriented higher education. The research and development activities are an integrated part of the education and are focused on strategically selected profile fields. Arcada's educational and research activities are organised in three cross-industry schools: In addition, each school has its own specific responsibility with the goal of enhancing different areas of development at Arcada as a whole. Each school is led by a dean. At the Graduate School and Research, we create knowledge and develop new sustainable solutions for society. In addition, the school works with international and Nordic academic partnerships. Our strategic partnerships build new bridges that promote both research and education. Arcada's master's degree programmes are aimed at those who want to grow in their professional role, expand their professional network and take the next step in their careers. We offer master's studies in Swedish and English in the fields of technology, business, culture and media, and social and health care. Our flexible degree programmes can all be combined with full-time work and provide skills for future leadership and development tasks. The programmes are characterised by self-directed and active learning together with fellow students, teachers, researchers and representatives of working life. Competences in digital solutions and new technology are included in all programmes. The other main focus of the school is on research. At Arcada, you will find innovative research environments in all of our areas of education with a focus on innovations in the business sector, the public sector and the third sector. The core areas of our research are technology-assisted health, reliable artificial intelligence and circular economy. At the Graduate School and Research, researchers, teachers and students work side by side in various research, development and innovation projects that benefit society as a whole. The research is conducted in networks with external actors in working life, research institutes and other higher education institutions, nationally and internationally, to respond to the future needs in various industries. As a multidisciplinary university of applied sciences, we prioritise interdisciplinary projects with collaborations across our programmes. At Arcada, we create smart solutions for a sustainable future. The School of Business and Healthcare calls for a constant update and acquisition of new knowledge and support the students to independence and responsibility. With a focus on curiosity, openness and teamwork, the school prepares the students for future career choices. Exciting opportunities and an international atmosphere are at the centre of the programme in business. The aim is to educate internationally minded, innovative individuals with advanced professional skills. The programme also emphasises sustainability and leadership. The studies are conducted in close cooperation with companies, with a focus on multicultural teams and a global labour market. During their studies, our students acquire practical skills that enables them to take on demanding tasks at an early stage of their working careers. Modern technology combined with a people-centred approach – our healthcare programmes prepare the students for meaningful and fulfilling work in diverse environments. Arcada offers programmes in nursing, public health nursing, midwifery and emergency care. We know that empathy and curiosity are the key to educating a knowledgeable and competent workforce that can seriously make a difference. Arcada's award-winning simulation centre allows our students to develop their skills in a safe and controlled environment, making them sought-after professionals in the labour market. Several practical training periods reinforce the practical skills and the students get the latest knowledge directly from their field of work. Arcada is the only higher education institution that trains paramedics in Swedish in Finland, and we have an overall national responsibility to ensure that high quality care is offered in Swedish. We also offer a nursing programme in English and are proud of our international and multi-professional study environment. What is more, the School of Business and Healthcare is responsible for continuing education at Arcada. The language unit is also part of this school. The School of Engineering, Culture and Wellbeing provides skills for the continuing and multidisciplinary learning of the future. With openness and innovation as keywords, the school prepares tomorrow's experts for an ever-changing labour market. Arcada's engineering programmes provide the skills to create sustainable and digital solutions for the needs of society and business. The students use several learning and simulation environments with tools for hands-on exercises, in addition to digital planning tools and learning platforms. Today and in the future, engineers need to be able to plan functions in a material and resource efficient way, as well as consider aspects that concern circular economy and digitalisation. The degree programmes in culture and media inspires students to new levels of creativity and innovation in the cultural field. At Arcada, we see it as our mission and also bear the national responsibility to educate Swedish-speaking professionals for national and international careers in online media, film, television and cultural production. Through collaboration with leading professionals in the industry, we focus on the challenges and opportunities that exist in the rapidly changing culture and media industry. Arcada is one of four higher education institutions in Finland with official status as film and television school. In this school, you can also find our programmes in health and welfare. We educate competent and engaged professionals within occupational therapy, physiotherapy, sports and health promotion and social services. In our programmes, we lay emphasis on sustainability, ethical awareness, health promotion and leadership so that our graduates will develop the skills required in their fields and also be able to drive development within these further. The School of Engineering, Culture and Wellbeing is also responsible for coordinating the activities related to sustainable development at Arcada. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Schools Graduate School and Research School of Business and Healthcare School of Engineering, Culture and Wellbeing Graduate School and Research School of Business and Healthcare School of Engineering, Culture and Wellbeing Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Welcome, this is an accessibility statement from the Arcada University of Applied Sciences Breadcrumb File Availability status of the digital service 3. The website does not yet meet all the requirements. 2. Disproportionate burden Did you discover deficiencies in our digital service? Describe it to us and we will do our best to fix it By e-mail The supervisory authority The supervisory authority's contact details This accessibility statement applies to the service www.arcada.fi and has been updated on 10.9.2024. The service is covered by the law on the provision of digital services and its requirement that public websites must be accessible. This page has been through an accessibility audit. We have changed or improved the flaws identified in the reports to most parts. Partially meets the accessibility requirements The site largely meets the requirements . General shortcomings identified by Arcada UAS communications@arcada.fi Contact us if you want to point out shortcomings in the accessibility of our website. It may take up to 14 days for you to receive a reply. If you are not satisfied with the answer you have received or do not receive an answer at all within two weeks, you can submit a report of lack of availability to the Regional State Administrative Agency in Southern Finland . The Regional State Administrative Agency's website describes how you can submit a report and how the case is handled. The Regional State Administrative Agency in Southern FinlandThe accessibility monitoring unitwww.saavutettavuusvaatimukset.fi webbtillganglighet@rfv.fitelephone number switchboard 0295 016 000 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Accessibility statement The use of imagery and flowcharts on the page does not meet the requirements. Descriptions are missing. PDF files and other documents available on the website have not been checked. A large part does not meet the requirements. The language does not consistently meet the requirements. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Data protection at Arcada Breadcrumb Main menu As a center for knowledge, education and research, large amounts of data is processed at Arcada. A significant part of the data concerns natural persons, which makes it personal data. In the data protection policy you can read about the principles we follow when processing personal data, and how we have organized the data protection work at Arcada. If we process your personal data, you belong to one or several categories of data subjects presented in the privacy notices. In the privacy notices you will find information about why we collect data about you, what data we collect, for how long we store your data and more. As a data subject, you have several rights which you can familiarize yourself with on this webpage. If you have any questions, please contact dataprotection@arcada.fi. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Data protection policy Privacy notices Rights of the data subject Fees for services related to requests for information Whistleblowing Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Data protection policy Breadcrumb Quick links 1. General information 2. Personal data processed at Arcada 3. Principles and processes for the processing of personal data 4. Disclosure and transfer of personal data 5. Responsibilites and organization 6. Processing of personal data in research 7. Ensuring data protection and handling problem situations 8. The data subject’s rights 9. Approval and alteration of the data protection policy In the data protection policy you can read about the principles we follow when processing personal data, and how we have organized the data protection work at Arcada. This data protection policy is applicable to the processing of all personal data for which Arcada University of Applied Sciences Ltd (hereafter “ Arcada”) is responsible, regardless of by whom, where and by what means the personal data is processed. The purpose of this policy is to ensure that personal data is processed in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation and national data protection legislation, and that correct processing can be proved by documentation. As a center for knowledge, education and research, large amounts of data is processed at Arcada. In teaching, research and administrative functions a significant part of this data concerns natural persons, which makes it personal data. As the controller of personal data, Arcada has committed to respecting the fundamental right to protection of privacy and personal data that everyone is entitled to. The personal data processed at Arcada includes information about both persons studying and working at Arcada, and persons who in other ways are connected to or collaborate with Arcada, such as persons applying for study places, alumni, job applicants, persons participating in research as informants or respondents, and collaboration partners. Within Arcada’s activities, there may occur a need to process sensitive personal data, such as information about a person’s state of health in connection to sick leaves or information about illnesses and functional disabilities in connection to special arrangements for education and examinations. In such cases, the data subject will be informed about the personal data belonging to this special category of personal data and, if required by legislation, Arcada will ask for specific consent from the data subject. For processing sensitive personal data in research, an ethical review is always required. Information about data protection at Arcada can be found on the website. On the website, the processing of personal data of the different categories of data subjects is described in more detail in separate privacy notices. If personal data of a specific group of personnel or students is processed for other purposes than those mentioned in the privacy notices, the persons concerned will be informed either as a group or individually by the department or unit processing the data. In addition to the information provided on Arcada’s public website, information and instructions regarding the processing of personal data is provided on intra.arcada.fi for the personnel, and on start.arcada.fi for the students. When processing personal data, the following principles are considered: Data protection is considered during the entire life cycle of the personal data. The data protection officer is involved in the process already when services, processes and systems are planned. The person or persons responsible for services, processes or systems shall make sure that the risks connected to the processing of personal data are assessed and that reasonable measures are taken to minimize the risks. If a certain kind of processing of personal data leads to high risks for the data subject, the data protection impacts are assessed in collaboration with the data protection officer. Personal data is only disclosed on grounds stated in the privacy notices or in legislation, and only to recipients who, in accordance with legislation, are entitled to process the data. Arcada strives to use operators and services which process personal data within the EU and the EEA both in its own activities and in services used by Arcada. As Arcada’s activities include international cooperation, in some cases there may be a need to cooperate with or buy services from universities, organizations and individuals who process personal data outside the EU and the EEA. In these cases, Arcada follows the requirements on adequate level of protection and appropriate safeguards stated in the EU Data Protection Regulation regarding transfers of personal data outside the EU or the EEA. Arcada’s management is responsible for the legality and accuracy of the processing of personal data at Arcada, as well as for the organization and resourcing of the data protection activities at Arcada in a suitable manner. Deans and heads of units are responsible for ensuring that the personnel within their school or unit attend seminars and other education on data protection and familiarize themselves with instructions given by Arcada. The deans and heads of units specify the roles of the employees in such a way that that employees who process personal data as a part of their work are aware of the obligations and responsibilities this entails. The data protection officer supports the management in fulfilling the requirements set by the data protection legislation and reports regularly to the management. The data protection officer supervises and develops the data protection at Arcada, educates the personnel and advices the departments and units in questions relating to data protection. The data protection officer also acts as contact person for the data subjects and the supervisory authority. The data protection officer’s contact information can be found on the website. The data protection team consists of the data protection officer and representatives from functions with a key role in relation to data protection. The team monitors the data protection activities at Arcada, drafts and discusses instructions and guidelines before they are presented to the management for approval and, when necessary, gives its views on practices and development projects. The data protection team is appointed by the rector for a term of two years. The team members act as substitutes for the data protection officer in the order stated in the rector’s decision in situations where the data protection officer is prevented and the situation requires immediate action. The data protection contact persons contribute to the correct processing of personal data by advising on data protection within their own area of responsibility and by monitoring the processing of personal data. The contact persons report regularly to the data protection officer. The contact persons are appointed by the rector. The personnel have an obligation to obtain basic knowledge of data protection and data security by attending seminars and familiarizing themselves with the instructions given by Arcada. The personnel should be familiar with the provisions and risks relating to the processing of personal data within their own field of responsibility and be able to process personal data in a correct and lawful manner. The students should familiarize themselves with and follow the instructions on data protection and data security given by Arcada. Students wishing to process personal data within the framework of their studies, for example in a project or as a part of their degree thesis, should discuss the need with the lecturer responsible for the course in question. If students wish to process sensitive personal data, an approval from the lecturer responsible for the course as well as an ethical review is required. Other persons processing personal data on behalf of Arcada should follow the instructions on the processing of personal data given by Arcada. Researchers should follow good scientific practice and the approved principles of research ethics also when processing personal data in their research. Researchers should be familiar with and follow the provisions of ethical review as stated in the legislation, national recommendations, and instructions given by Arcada. If sensitive personal data is processed, an ethical review is always required before the research is conducted. The researcher responsible for the research project is responsible for ensuring that personal data is processed in accordance with the data protection regulations during the entire lifecycle of the research. The researcher responsible for the project should ensure that the researchers and other staff processing personal data within the project have sufficient knowledge of data protection prior to commencing the processing. The researcher responsible for the research is also responsible for assessing the data protection risks and for ensuring that reasonable measures are taken to minimize the risks. Researchers should give the persons participating in research as informants or respondents transparent information about the research, for which purposes and how personal data is processed, and about the rights of the participants. More detailed information should be given in the privacy notice, which is given to the participants when the data is collected. The privacy notice should also be sent to Arcada’s data protection officer. Arcada educates the personnel on the basics of data protection, and education on data protection is also included in the introduction program for new employees. In addition, specific education and instructions are provided to the different functions at Arcada according to the needs of the function in question. Everyone processing personal data is bound by a duty of confidentiality, either by law or by separate agreement. Arcada supervises the data protection, carries out data protection checks, and monitors the use of IT-systems through user administration, log keeping and other documented processes. The execution of data protection is ensured by the data protection officer’s regular reporting to the management. Arcada takes action to improve identified weaknesses and to solve problem situations. Incorrect processing of personal data will be pointed out, and necessary action can be taken by the dean, the head of unit or the data protection officer. The data protection officer reports personal data protection breaches to the supervisory authority within the statutory timeframes. If the breach is likely to result in a high risk to the rights and freedoms of the data subject, and it is motivated in order to take correcting measures of protection or to reduce the damage, breaches are also reported to the data subjects concerned. The data subject has the right, with some limitations depending on the grounds for the processing, to: In addition, the data subject has the right to lodge a complaint with the Office of the Data Protection Ombudsman. Information about the processing of personal data within the different categories of data subjects and the grounds for processing is documented in separate privacy notices. The website also contains information about how the data subjects can exercise their other rights. This data protection policy has been approved by the board of Arcada University of Applied Sciences Ltd on the 11th of April 2018 and will be applicable from the 25th of May 2018. The data protection policy is valid until further notice. The policy is an official document and is available on Arcada’s external website. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Data protection policy 1. General information 2. Personal data processed at Arcada 3. Principles and processes for the processing of personal data 4. Disclosure and transfer of personal data 5. Responsibilites and organization 6. Processing of personal data in research 7. Ensuring data protection and handling problem situations 8. The data subject’s rights 9. Approval and alteration of the data protection policy Lawfulness, fairness and transparency There is always a legal basis for the processing of personal data. The data is processed in accordance with the data protection regulations and the data subjects are given sufficient information about the processing. Purpose limitation Personal data is collected for specific, expressly stated purposes and will not later be processed for purposes that are not in accordance with the original purposes. Data minimisation Only personal data necessary for the purpose will be collected and processed. Accuracy The personal data is correct and up to date. All reasonable measures are taken to ensure that incorrect personal data is deleted or corrected. Storage limitation Personal data will not be stored longer than what is necessary for the purpose. When personal data can be anonymised or pseudonymised, these measures will be taken as soon as it is possible considering the purpose of the processing. Integrity and confidentiality Personal data will be processed in a manner which ensures an appropriate level of security. The data is protected against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage by appropriate technical and organizational measures. receive information on the processing of personal data obtain access to the personal data regarding him or her request the rectification of incorrect data request the erasure of personal data impose restrictions on the processing of personal data object to the processing of personal data transfer his or her personal data to another controller object to being subject to a decision based on automated processing Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Rights of the data subject Breadcrumb For some rights, reference is made to one or several legal bases for processing personal data. You will find the legal bases for processing the data in the privacy notices, section 6. You can find more information about the rights of the data subject on the website of the European Commission and on the website of the Office of the Data Protection Ombudsman . If you wish to exercise any of your rights, please contact dataprotection@arcada.fi. Please let us know which right you want to exercise, what register your request refers to and whether you work or study at Arcada. If you have any questions about the data protection work at Arcada, please use the same e-mail address to contact us. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Rights of the data subject You have the right to know if Arcada processes your personal data and to get information about how your data is processed. You also have the right to receive a copy of your personal data. You can find information about how your personal data is processed in the privacy notices. If you are a student at Arcada, you can easily check most of the data that is processed in the student register by logging in to Sisu (system for study administration) and itslearning (online learning environment). You can and should also update your contact information in Sisu. You can find information about how your personal data is processed in the privacy notices. If you are a student at Arcada, you can easily check most of the data that is processed in the student register by logging in to Sisu (system for study administration) and itslearning (online learning environment). You can and should also update your contact information in Sisu. You have the right to get inaccurate data rectified. You have the right to get your data erased if the processing is based on your consent or if the data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected. If you have asked for rectification of inaccurate data, you have the right to require that the processing of personal data is restricted during the time it takes for Arcada to verify the accuracy of the personal data. You have the right to obtain the personal data that you have given to Arcada in a machine-readable format and have it transmitted to another organization, if the processing is based on your consent or a contract and the processing is carried out by automated means. You have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of your personal data if the basis for the processing is a task carried out in the public interest, the exercise of official authority or legitimate interests. You also have the right to object to your data being used for direct marketing purposes. You have the right not to be subjected to decisions based on automated methods alone, including profiling. You can find information about automated decision-making, including profiling, in the privacy notices, section 13. You can find information about automated decision-making, including profiling, in the privacy notices, section 13. If the processing is based on your consent, you may at any time withdraw your consent. The withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of the processing before the withdrawal. You have the right to file a complaint with the Office of the Data Protection Ombudsman (www.tietosuoja.fi ) Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Privacy notices Breadcrumb Main menu You can find information about how your personal data is processed in the privacy notices. Choose a privacy notice in the menu. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Privacy notices Alumni register User administration register Library register of borrowers Donor register Event register Researcher's profile register Stakeholder register Camera surveillance Access control register Personnel register Publication register Recruitment register Student register Applicant register Scientific research Whistleblowing Case register Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Alumni register Breadcrumb Quick links 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Information to the data subject in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) articles 13-14. Arcada University of Applied Sciences Ltd Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 1 00560 Helsinki Business ID: 2553871-2 Head of Communications Hanna Donner Tel. 0294 282 523 E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Alumni Relations Manager Mia Ingman Tel. 0294 282 667 E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Data Protection Officer, Legal Counsel Anna Härmä Tel. 0294 282 888 E-mail address dataprotection@arcada.fi The data is used for maintaining contact and cooperating with Arcada’s alumni. Forms of cooperation can include engagements, events, collection of feedback and information about Arcada’s activities. Arcada also has a duty to carry out a yearly national career follow up. With the alumnum’s consent, he or she can receive newsletters and information about courses and other activities at Arcada. The legal basis for processing personal data is the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority. The following categories of personal data are processed in the register: Requests for updating contact information for further processing of personal data are made to the alumni every three years. Mira Network CRM – contact register The data within the register is transferred from Arcada's student register after the alumni has graduated. Information about participation in events and activities relating to newsletters is collected when the alumnum signs up to events and when newsletters are sent. Personal data is not disclosed without the alumnum’s consent. Personal data is not transferred outside the EU or the EEA without the alumnum’s consent. Material in electronic format is stored in IT systems and on computers protected from unauthorized use with security measures including firewalls and passwords. The systems have different user levels, and users are granted access to the data only to the extent the user’s work tasks require. Material in paper format is stored in locked rooms with limited access and access control. Automated decisions and profiling are not made based on personal data within the register. Information about the data subject's rights can be found here. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Privacy notices Alumni register 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights The alumnum's name, personal identity number, contact information, organization and title as well as the possibility to subscriptions and participation made with requests for updating contact information. The alumnum can change this information himself/herself. The alumnum's personal data, gender, degree, graduation date, student number, education, start and end date of studies for recent graduates (after 2013) are stored permanently. The alumnum's home address is deleted after 10 years, if there has been no contact with the alumnum. Information about participation in events and other activities at Arcada. Information about participation in events is deleted in accordance with the storage times mentioned in the event register. If the alumnum subscribes to newsletters, Arcada also follows up on activities relating to the newsletters. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu User administration register Breadcrumb Quick links 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Sources for the data 10. Receiver of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Information to the data subject in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) articles 13-14. Arcada University of Applied Sciences Ltd Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 1 00560 Helsinki Business ID: 2553871-2 Head of IT Patrik Tarhonen Tel. 0294 282 510 E-mail address it-chef@arcada.fi Head of IT Mikael Ekblom Tel. 0294 282 867 E-mail address it-chef@arcada.fi Data protection officer, legal counsel Anna Härmä Tel. 0294 282 888 E-mail address dataprotection@arcada.fi The data is used to create electronic identities within Arcada. The identities are used to give personnel and students access to resources they need in order to perform their work and study related tasks. Also people with other affiliations to Arcada can be given electronic identities for limited purposes. The processing of personal data is based on Arcada’s legitimate interest due to the data subject’s role as personnel or student at Arcada. Additional data connected to the person and describing the person’s roles and authorities is created within the user administration register. The purpose of this data is to regulate access to data within Arcada and to enable the use of Arcada identity for logging in (over the HAKA federation) to services at other universities. ASE – identity management system AAS (Arcada Account Services) – account service for administration of keys, activation of IT accounts and change of passwords Tullbommen – system for issuing proofs of identity and consents for disclosure of personal data Data regarding the personnel is transferred from the personnel register and data regarding students is transferred from the student register. Data regarding other persons is provided by the persons themselves or by their contact persons at Arcada. Basic identity data is transferred to catalogue services (functioning as encyclopedias for personal data) to enable logins to Arcada’s internal services and external cloud services. Data is disclosed to create cloud identities to the following systems: Aditro Trip & Expense – travel administration system (personnel) Office 365 – Microsoft’s portal for productivity software itslearning – online learning environment IMS –quality monitoring system Google for Education – Google’s programme portfolio for promotion of education (with consent) Data is also disclosed to external systems with the data subject’s consent through the HAKA federation and the eduGAIN interfederation. Personal data is not regularly transferred outside the EU or the EEA without the data subject’s consent. If suppliers or services which require personal data to be transferred outside the EU or the ETA are used, Arcada will make sure that the requirements for adequate level of protection are met or that appropriate safeguards are provided in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation 44-50. Material in electronic format is stored in IT systems and on computers protected from unauthorized use with security measures including firewalls and passwords. The systems have different user levels, and users are granted access to the data only to the extent the user’s work tasks require. Material in paper format is stored in locked rooms with limited access and access control. Roles and authorities which provide access to resources are automatically given based on personnel’s personnel category and students’ right to study, degree programme and specialisation. Other than the above mentioned, automated decisions and profiling are not made based on the personal data within the register. Information about the data subject's rights can be found here. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Privacy notices User administration register 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Sources for the data 10. Receiver of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Basic data: Full name, social security number, start date, end date, username Additional data for personnel: Employment number, position, unit, cost center, personnel category Additional data for students: Student code, education code, degree programme, specialisation, language of degree programme Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Library register of borrowers Breadcrumb Quick links 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative Jonna Vocke 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Information to the data subject in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) articles 13-14. Arcada University of Applied Sciences LtdJan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiBusiness ID: 2553871-2 Head of Library Services E-mail: jonna.vocke@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 504 System designer Tomas RönnTel. 0294 282 695E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Data protection officer, legal counsel Anna HärmäTel. 0294 282 888E-mail address dataprotection@arcada.fi The data is used for administration of loans from Arcada’s library, for communication between the library and the borrowers and for statistical purposes. The legal basis for processing personal data is the existence of a contract between Arcada and the borrower. The data is deleted from the register according to the following, provided that there are no current loans or unpaid fees: KOHA - library system Arcada-Finna library catalogue - interface Data regarding students is transferred from the student register when the student chooses to create a library card in Tuudo. Data regarding other borrowers is received from the borrower when they apply for a library card. The data requested is necessary for Arcada to be able to grant borrowing rights. Data can be disclosed to other companies within the corporate group or to external companies in order to collect unpaid fees. Personal data is not transferred outside the EU or the EEA without the data subject’s consent. However, for maintenance and service of the used IT services, it may be necessary to give providers of such services located outside the EU or the EEA access to the IT systems. In such cases, Arcada will make sure that the supplier meets the requirements for adequate level of protection or that appropriate safeguards are provided in accordance with the data protection regulation articles 44-50. Material in electronic format is stored in IT systems and on computers protected from unauthorized use with security measures including firewalls and passwords. The systems have different user levels, and users are granted access to the data only to the extent the user’s work tasks require. Material in paper format is stored in locked rooms with limited access and access control. Automated decisions and profiling are not made based on personal data within the register. Information about the data subject's rights can be found here. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Privacy notices Library register of borrowers 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Name, social security number and contact information Library card number Customer and statistics category The borrower’s current loans, reservations and possible late fees and compensations Degree students’ data when the student graduates Exchange students’ data when the exchange period ends Other borrowers’ data when the borrower has been inactive for the past four years Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Donor register Breadcrumb Quick links 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes for processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Information to the data subject in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) articles 13-14. Arcada University of Applied Sciences LtdJan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiBusiness ID: 2553871-2 Head of Communication Hanna DonnerTel. 0294 282 523E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Fundraising Manager Mia-Maja WägarTel. 0294 282 804E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Data protection officer, legal counsel Anna HärmäTel. 0294 282 888E-mail address dataprotection@arcada.fi The donor register contains information about donors (private persons as well as organizations) who have made donations to Arcada. The personal data is used for internal control of donations, for reporting to the authorities, for publication purposes, for maintaining contact with the donors and for making visible the donors who have given their consent thereto. If the donor has given his or her consent, he or she can receive newsletters and other information about the activities at Arcada. The legal basis for processing personal data is Arcada’s legal obligation to keep records of received donations and Arcada’s legitimate interest to maintain contact with the donors. Individuals: Name, social security number, contact information and donated amount and/or nature of the donation, for donations of 850 euro or above also a deed of gift. Companies and organizations: Company name, contact person(s), contact information and donated amount and/or nature of the donation, for donations of 850 euro or above also a deed of gift. In addition, information about who the donor is, his or her connection to Arcada and notes on relevant information about the donation process collected before and after the donation was made may also be processed. The data is stored for 10 years. For the purpose of historic monitoring, the donor’s name and the donated amount and/or the nature of the donation as well as the time period of the fundraising campaign is stored permanently. Mira Network CRM – contact registerDynasty - case management system The data is provided by the donor when he or she makes the donation. The name of the donor may be published in Arcada’s internal and external communication channels if the donor has given his or her consent. The amount of the donation is only published with the donor’s separate consent. Data can be disclosed to authorities if required by law, regulation or a decision made by the authorities. Personal data is not transferred outside the EU or the EEA without the donor’s consent. Material in electronic format is stored in IT systems and on computers protected from unauthorized use with security measures including firewalls and passwords. The systems have different user levels, and users are granted access to the data only to the extent the user’s work tasks require. Material in paper format is stored in locked rooms with limited access and access control. Automated decisions and profiling are not made based on personal data within the register. Information about the data subject's rights can be found here. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Privacy notices Donor register 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes for processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Event register Breadcrumb 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Information to the data subject in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) articles 13-14. Arcada University of Applied Sciences Ltd Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 1 00560 Helsinki Business ID: 2553871-2 Head of Communication Hanna Donner Tel. 0294 282 523 E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Event Manager Maria von Bonsdorff-Hermunen Tel. 0294 282 503 E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Data protection officer, legal counsel Anna Härmä Tel. 0294 282 888 E-mail address dataprotection@arcada.fi The personal data is processed for registration, contact, reporting, invoicing and other tasks necessary for carrying out the event to which the data subject registers. With the data subject’s consent, the data may be transferred to Arcada’s stakeholder register and he or she can receive newsletters and information about similar events. The legal basis for processing personal data is the existence of a contract between Arcada and the data subject. Data that belongs to special categories of personal data (according to the General Data Protection Regulation, article 9) are processed in the register. Information about allergies is processed with the data subject’s consent in order for Arcada to be able to take them into consideration for the event catering. The data is deleted within one year from the event date. Data relating to participation in events for which a participation fee is charged is stored for six years from the end of the calendar year in which the event was held. The contact information and information about which event the person has attended of persons who have given their consent to receiving newsletters and information about similar events is transferred to the stakeholder register. Mira Network CRM – event registration system and contact register The data it the register is provided by the data subject when he or she registers for an event. If the data subject does not provide all the necessary information asked at registration, Arcada cannot approve the registration and cannot register him or her as a participant in the event. Personal data is not disclosed without the data subject’s consent. Personal data is not transferred outside the EU or the EEA without the data subject’s consent. Material in electronic format is stored in IT systems and on computers protected from unauthorized use with security measures including firewalls and passwords. The systems have different user levels, and users are granted access to the data only to the extent the user’s work tasks require. Material in paper format is stored in locked rooms with limited access and access control. Automated decisions and profiling are not made based on personal data within the register. Information about the data subject's rights can be found here. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Privacy notices Event register Name and contact information and, if the person represents a company or an organization, also his or her title and the name of the company or the organization. Information about allergies Invoicing address, if the data subject is attending an event for which a participation fee is charged Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Researcher's profile register Breadcrumb Quick links 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Information to the data subject in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) articles 13-14. Arcada University of Applied Sciences LtdJan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiBusiness ID: 2553871-2 Deputy Dean of School Camilla Wikström-Grotell Tel. 0294 282 821E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi RDI Coordinator Tinka Ullbro Tel. 0294 282 559E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Data protection officer, legal counsel Anna HärmäTel. 0294 282 888E-mail address dataprotection@arcada.fi The data is used for presenting researching staff employed at Arcada at the website for research, development and innovation. The presentation of researchers is part of making research, development and innovation at Arcada visible for partners, funders and the public. The legal basis for processing personal data is the researcher’s consent. The duration of storage is linked to the researcher’s employment at Arcada. Data will be stored as long as the researcher is employed at Arcada. Microsoft 365 – Microsoft’s portal for productivity software The data within the register is collected from the personnel at Arcada and has been gathered through a questionnaire. The register contains the researchers answers to the questions in the questionnaire. The presentations will be present at a website that is open and information will be accessible to all page visitors. Personal data is not transferred outside the EU or the EEA. Material in electronic format is stored in IT systems and on computers protected from unauthorized use with security measures including firewalls and passwords. The systems have different user levels, and users are granted access to the data only to the extent the user’s work tasks require. Material in paper format is stored in locked rooms with limited access and access control. Automated decisions and profiling are not made based on personal data within the register. Information about the data subject's rights can be found here. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Privacy notices Researcher's profile register 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights The researcher’s name, title, contact details, department or unit, ORCID-identification code, Linkedin profile and Google Scholar profile The researcher’s personal presentation (educational level, research interest, research project and networks) Information of publications (Publication title and year) Information concerning the channel of publication (Name of journal or series, volume, number, language, ISSN-code, ISBN-code) Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Stakeholder register Breadcrumb Quick links 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Information to the data subject in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) articles 13-14. Arcada University of Applied Sciences LtdJan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiBusiness ID: 2553871-2 Head of Communications Hanna DonnerTel. 0294 282 523E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Alumni Relations Manager Mia IngmanTel. 0294 282 667E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Data Protection Officer, Legal Counsel Anna HärmäTel. 0294 282 888E-mail address dataprotection@arcada.fi The data about Arcada’s stakeholders is used to initiate, execute, administer and develop cooperation with persons, companies and organizations. With the consent of the stakeholder, he or she can receive newsletters and information about education, courses and other activities at Arcada. The processing of personal data is based on Arcada’s legal obligation to collaborate with industries and businesses. The data is stored during the period when the person, company or organization is collaborating with Arcada and for 10 years thereafter. Mira Network CRM – contact registerCision Communications Cloud - media platform form for press releases and follow up of Arcada's visibility in media The data is provided by the stakeholder him- or herself or from the collaboration agreement when the collaboration begins or when there are changes in the contact information. The data is necessary for Arcada to perform the collaboration agreed upon with the stakeholder and the organization he or she is representing. Information can also be collected from public sources. Contact details and other personal information regarding media contacts and influencers are also recieved from the media platform Cision. More information about how such information is collected and used, please see Cision’s privacy policy . Information about a planned or completed collaboration and participation in events as well as information about activities relating to newsletters is collected in connection with the planning or performing of the collaboration, when the interested party is signing up for an event and when the newsletter is sent out. Personal data is not disclosed from the register without the stakeholder’s consent. Personal data is not transferred outside the EU or the EEA without the stakeholder’s consent, with the exception of personal data processed in the Cision media platform, see Cision's privacy policy . Material in electronic format is stored in IT systems and on computers protected from unauthorized use with security measures including firewalls and passwords. The systems have different user levels, and users are granted access to the data only to the extent the user’s work tasks require. Material in paper format is stored in locked rooms with limited access and access control. Automated decisions and profiling are not made based on personal data within the register. Information about the data subject's rights can be found here. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Privacy notices Stakeholder register 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Name, contact information, organization and title Collaboration agreement and other information about planned or executed collaboration Information about participation in events and other activities at Arcada If the stakeholder subscribes to newsletters, Arcada will also follow up on activities relating to the newsletters Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Arcada Competes on the Global Market – Big Data Analytics and Global Development Breadcrumb Highlights 2019 Curious about what happened at Arcada during the year? Check out our highlights. In June 2019 Arcada’s first experts in Big Data Analytics graduated. Formally, this one-year master’s programme started in the autumn of 2018, but the foundations were laid some five years earlier when a specialized programme was started. Responsible for the programme is Magnus Westerlund. – Big Data is closely linked to information technology, a subject at Arcada since the late 90’s. Arcada was among the first universities in Finland to understand that there will be a demand for engineers able to manage analytics. That’s where the future lies, and Big Data Analytics is the first programme of its kind in Finland, says Westerlund. In the IT sector, it’s mainly about meeting challenges described in data. Even though it’s much easier today to develop IT-systems than it used to be, you still need a thorough knowledge of engineering to create innovative solutions. Anyone with the basics in information technology, knowledge of programming and two to three years of relevant work experience is welcome to Arcada’s master’s programme Big Data Analytics. – Big Data involves a new type of technology, and analytics involves a complete method renewal, demanding far more from the student than a normal IT change-of-tools. This is why Arcada wants to give alumni and new students the opportunity to sit down with our researchers to learn how to see those new possibilities. These students will gain new insights, even after years of working experience. It’s a 'refresher course', says Westerlund. The first group of graduates from the Master's degree programme Big Data Analytics (2019). This doesn’t mean that there’s less need for understanding other kinds of information technology. Big Data should be seen as complementing other programmes. The master’s programme touches on many sectors of society in a global perspective. It deals with future issues that our policy makers don’t know how to tackle. – One example is self-steering vehicles. EU is faced with the difficult question of how to deal with them in a legal sense, i.e. how to manage the technical side of things and what demands can be made on the suppliers, Westerlund explains. – We recently recruited Dr. Leonard Espinosa to strengthen our know-how concerning autonomous agents and to help us tackle the question from a new perspective, Westerlund continues. In many ways, Arcada here has a larger, societal role. – We offer something that no one else can provide today, but we have also realized that this is a programme that demands research competence. We need research competence to be able to continuously deal with new discoveries and above all to comprehend how the world will change. A university should be instrumental in forming society and in contributing new insights. The research done at Arcada must be turned into knowledge and a master’s programme is one way of sharing the knowledge we have, says Westerlund. To date, the first Big Data specialists have graduated from Arcada and the next group is in turn the summer of 2020. The response from the students has been good. – For many of the students this is a leap forward in their career; they either change employer or work profile. One of our students who worked for a large repair business was assigned new tasks thanks to his master’s thesis here. He was able to embark on a new career in the same company. It all boils down to Big Data as a global contest in who will get to automate the world, explains Westerlund. – We focus on technology, but from a broad method-related perspective. That’s why we want to have students with varying backgrounds, provided they have the basics in programming. Breadth is one of our main strengths, and it’s much needed in the global competition. Big Data Analytics isn’t only about how Finland will develop, but about how the entire world will develop. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2019 Big Data Analytics and Global Development Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Camera surveillance Breadcrumb Quick links 1. Controllers 2. The controllers’ representatives 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Information to the data subject in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) articles 13-14. Fastighets Ab Arcada Nova Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiBusiness ID: 2493277-7 Arcada University of Applied Sciences LtdJan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiBusiness ID: 2553871-2 CEO Jörgen WiikTel. 0294 282 805E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcadanova.fi Rector Mona ForsskåhlTel. 0294 282 699E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Head of Security David SjöbergTel. 0294 282 606E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Data protection officer, legal counsel Anna HärmäTel. 0294 282 888E-mail address dataprotection@arcada.fi The purpose of the camera surveillance is to protect properties, prevent crimes and assist in the investigations of crimes, harassment and other improper behavior, and to protect and enhance the safety of the personnel, students and other people in the building. In accordance with the Act on the Protection of Privacy in Working Life (759/2004), section 17(2), the employer has the right to use data from camera surveillance to demonstrate the grounds for termination of an employment relationship, for investigating harassment and discrimination and to investigate occupational accidents and other situations which have caused danger or risk. The processing of personal data is based on the controller’s legal obligation as an employer and as a university to provide a safe work and study environment for personnel, students and guests. Sign informing about the existence of taping camera surveillance are placed in the building. The data being stored is pictures from the surveillance tapes, from which persons can be identified. New surveillance recordings are constantly taping over old recordings, and the data is stored for a maximum duration of 12 months. However, recordings may be stored for a longer time if it is necessary to complete the processing of matters indicated in paragraph 5 or if there are any other particular reasons for saving the recordings. Hikvision, iVMS-4200 – taping camera surveillance (offline) Surveillance data is provided by the cameras in the building. The surveillance data can be processed by the CEO of Arcada Nova as well by the Rector, the Head of Security, the deputy Head of Security and the Occupational Health and Safety Manager of Arcada University of Applied Science. Data can be disclosed to the Police, in accordance with the Police Act (87/2011) chapter 4, in situations of suspicion and investigation of crimes. Personal data is not transferred outside the EU or the EEA. The data is stored in digital format on a hard drive, which is protected with passwords and is stored in a locked room with limited access and access control. The CEO of Arcada Nova as well the Rector, the Head of Security, the deputy Head of Security and the Occupational Health and Safety Manager of Arcada University of Applied Science have access to the data. Automated decisions and profiling are not made based on personal data within the register. Information about the data subject's rights can be found here. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Privacy notices Camera surveillance 1. Controllers 2. The controllers’ representatives 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Access control register Breadcrumb Quick links 1. Controllers 2. The controllers’ representatives 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Information to the data subject in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) articles 13-14. Fastighets Ab Arcada NovaJan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiBusiness ID: 2493277-7 Arcada University of Applied Sciences LtdJan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiBusiness ID: 2553871-2 CEO Jörgen WiikTel. 0294 282 805E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcadanova.fi Rector Mona ForsskåhlTel. 0294 282 699E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Laboratory Engineer Harri AnukkaTel. 0294 282 606E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Data protection officer, legal counsel Anna HärmäTel. 0294 282 888E-mail address dataprotection@arcada.fi The data is used to administer rights of access to Arcada's buildings and to enable access control. The data can, if necessary, be used to investigate suspected harassments, improper behavior and unlawful usage of keys. Access control can be used for the reporting of student’s course attendance and attendance in mandatory lectures, provided this is announced in the course description, or in other ways communicated to the participants beforehand. The processing of personal data is based on the controller’s legal obligation as employer and university to provide suitable access to work and study spaces and to strive for a safe work and study environment for personnel, students and guests. All employees are granted a key. Students and guests can be granted a key, and for these groups the legal basis for processing is consent. 1) The key holder (name, the personnel’s or guests position or role, the student’s educational programme) 2) Information about granted keys and to which spaces they give access 3) User log (the key used, door and time) The data is stored during the period when the person has a role, which grants him or her access to the building and has an electronic key, after the person’s access is terminated, the data is stored for two years. Abloy OS – system for access control Basic data about the personnel is provided by the personnel register, basic data about the student is provided by the student register, and basic data about guests is provided by the guest him- or herself or by his or her contact person at Arcada. The information is necessary to allow access to the spaces at Arcada. Data may be transferred within the Arcada group. Data from the register can be disclosed to the Police, in accordance with the Police Act (87/2011) chapter 4, when suspecting or investigating a crime. Personal data is not transferred outside the EU or the EEA. Material in electronic format is stored in IT systems and on computers protected from unauthorized use with security measures including firewalls and passwords. The systems have different user levels, and users are granted access to the data only to the extent the user’s work tasks require. Material in paper format is stored in locked rooms with limited access and access control. Automated decisions and profiling are not made based on personal data within the register. Information about the data subject's rights can be found here. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Privacy notices Access control register 1. Controllers 2. The controllers’ representatives 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Personnel register Breadcrumb Quick links 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Information to the data subject in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) articles 13-14. Arcada University of Applied Sciences LtdJan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiBusiness ID: 2553871-2 Adminstrative and HR director Susanne Homén-LindbergTel. 0294 282 609E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Administrative Coordinator Emilia Nygård Tel. 050 468 89 55Payroll clerk Susanne TuominenTel. 0294 282 605 E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Data protection officer, legal counsel Anna HärmäTel. 0294 282 888E-mail address dataprotection@arcada.fi The data is used to manage employment relationships during the employment’s entire life cycle as well as for payments of salaries and remunerations. The legal basis for processing personal data is Arcada’s legal obligation and legitimate interests as an employer. Data that belongs to special categories of personal data (according to the General Data Protection Regulation, article 9) are processed in the register. Data about the employee’s state of health is processed to ensure that Arcada fulfills its legal obligations as an employer, which includes providing occupational health care for the personnel and assessing the employees’ working ability and capacity. Information about memberships in labor unions is processed with the employee’s consent. The duration of storage of the data is: SD Worx W Web – personnel administration and payroll systemASE and Apache Syncope – identity management systemsTrail – inventory system Arbetstidsplan – time sheet processing systemAditro Trip & Expense – travel administration systemUgglan – project follow-up systemSiqni - employee survey The data in the register is provided by: Data may be transferred to: Pension insurance companiesThe Finnish Centre for PensionsThe Social Insurance Institution of Finland (KELA)Finnish Education Employers (FEE) and Confederation of Finnish Industries (EK) Labor unionsThe Tax AdministrationTax authorities abroad (for personnel residing abroad)The Ministry of Education and CultureThe Employment Fund Enforcement officesBanks and auditorsInsurance companiesOccupational health care and other companies providing services relating to employees’ health.The Civilian Service CentreTeleoperators Travel agencies and other companies providing services relating to business trips Personal data is not regularly transferred outside the EU or the EEA without the data subject’s consent. If suppliers or services which require personal data to be transferred outside the EU or the ETA are used, Arcada will make sure that the requirements for adequate level of protection are met or that appropriate safeguards are provided in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation 44-50. Material in electronic format is stored in IT systems and on computers protected from unauthorized use with security measures including firewalls and passwords. The systems have different user levels, and users are granted access to the data only to the extent the user’s work tasks require. Material in paper format is stored in locked rooms with limited access and access control. Automated decisions and profiling are not made based on personal data within the register. Information about the data subject's rights can be found here. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Privacy notices Personnel register 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Basic data about the person (name, date of birth, social security number, contact information) Information about the employment, including the entire life cycle of the employment Information about salary payments (salaries, bank account number, information about the employment, distrains, personal salary additions, employee benefits, memberships in labor unions) Documentation in connection to yearly performance reviews and exit dialogues Education, follow-up of competencies, CV Working hours, annual holidays and leaves, sick leaves and other absences and certifications regarding these Information on job measurement for salary levels Position profile and job description Information about work equipment (phone, computer, special tools) Written warnings, notices on termination of employment, employment certificates, information about intellectual property rights and other documentation in connection to the employment The employee: Basic information, bank account number, further education, membership in labor unions. The basic information and bank account number is necessary in order for Arcada to fulfill its legal responsibilities as an employer and in order for an employment contract to be made with the employee Recruitment register: CV, employment certificates, diplomas HR unit: Employment contract, job measurement, exit dialogues The employee’s manager: Time sheet, yearly performance reviews, other matters regarding the employment and the employee’s performance The tax authorities: Taxation information Office of the Bankruptcy Ombudsman: Information about distrains Labor unions: Power of attorney for deductions of labor union fees Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Publication register Breadcrumb Quick links 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Information to the data subject in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) articles 13-14. Arcada University of Applied Sciences LtdJan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiBusiness ID: 2553871-2 Head of Library Jonna VockeTel. 0294 282 504E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Information Specialist Janne Nyström Tel. 0294 282 816E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Data protection officer, legal counsel Anna HärmäTel. 0294 282 888E-mail address dataprotection@arcada.fi The data about publications written by Arcada’s personnel is used to make visible research done at Arcada, for internal follow-up and for reporting to the authorities. The processing of personal data is based on Arcada’s legitimate interest to process data about the personnel’s publication activities and to report these activities to the authorities. The data is stored permanently. JUSTUS – publication data storage serviceVIRTA – publication data serviceResearch.fi – publication data portal The registered data is provided by the data subject. Data is disclosed from the register through the VIRTA publication data service to the Ministry of Education and Culture, to the Finnish Academy and to the Research Information Hub maintained by the Ministry of Education and Culture together with Finnish research funding agencies and research organisations. Data is also published on the website www.research.fi . Data may also be disclosed for research and statistical purposes. Personal data will not be transferred outside the EU or the EEA without the data subject’s consent. Material in electronic format is stored in IT systems and on computers protected from unauthorized use with security measures including firewalls and passwords. The systems have different user levels, and users are granted access to the data only to the extent the user’s work tasks require. Material in paper format is stored in locked rooms with limited access and access control. Automated decisions and profiling are not made based on personal data within the register. Information about the data subject's rights can be found here. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Privacy notices Publication register 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Information about the author or authors (name, department or unit, ORCID-identification code) Information about the publication (type of publication, field of science, co-publication, name of publication, year of publication, number of pages, article number, DOI-identifying code, permanent URL-address, open access, whether the publication has been parallel published, the URL-address for a parallel published version) Information about the publication channel (name of journal or series, volume, number, language, ISSN code, ISBN code, JUFO-ID) Information about the mother publication (name of publication, editors of publication) Information about the publisher (name, place of publication, country of publication, Finnish or international publication) If the publication is a conference publication, name of the conference Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Recruitment register Breadcrumb Quick links 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Information to the data subject in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) articles 13-14. Arcada University of Applied Sciences LtdJan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiBusiness ID: 2553871-2 Adminstrative and HR director Susanne Homén-LindbergTel. 0294 282 609E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Administrative Coordinator Emilia Nygård Tel. 050 468 89 55Competence Developer Peggy KuséniusTel. 0294 282 558E-mail addresses in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Data protection officer, legal counsel Anna HärmäTel. 0294 282 888E-mail address dataprotection@arcada.fi The data is used to process applications when recruiting personnel to Arcada, from the moment the application is submitted until the candidate to be employed is chosen. The legal basis for processing personal data is data subject’s consent. Teamtailor – recruitment tool The data is provided by the data subject in the application and by the recruitment team when processing the submitted applications. The HR unit and the recruitment team process the personal data for the recruitment in question. Personal data of the candidate to be employed is transferred from the recruitment register to the personnel register. Personal data is not transferred outside the EU or the EEA without the data subject’s consent. Material in electronic format is stored in IT systems and on computers protected from unauthorized use with security measures including firewalls and passwords. The systems have different user levels, and users are granted access to the data only to the extent the user’s work tasks require. Material in paper format is stored in locked rooms with limited access and access control. Automated decisions and profiling are not made based on personal data within the register. Information about the data subject's rights can be found here. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Privacy notices Recruitment register 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Basic information (name, address, phone number, e-mail address) stored 2 years Application (cover letter) stored 2 years Resumé (CV) attachment to the application Communication within the recruitment team stored 2 years Evaluation of the candidates stored 2 years Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Student register Breadcrumb Quick links 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Information to the data subject in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) articles 13-14. Arcada University of Applied Sciences LtdJan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiBusiness ID: 2553871-2 Head of Student Services Cecilia JaakkolaTel. 0294 282 639E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Senior System Developer Krister KarlströmTel. 0294 282 509 International Coordinator Kátia Torres AiravaTel. 0294 282 868 Head of Student Affairs Lilian SjöbergTel. 0294 282 671 E-learning Coordinator Filip LevälahtiTel. 0294 282 518E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi, the study coordinator studentaffairs@arcada.fi Data Protection Officer, Legal Counsel Anna HärmäTel. 0294 282 888E-mail address dataprotection@arcada.fi The students’ personal data is processed in order for Arcada to fulfill its obligations as a university. The obligation contains enabling students to take part in teaching and receive counseling, guidance and other services, to complete studies and receive study related certificates as well as degree certificates. The data may also be used for reporting to authorities. There are six categories of students at Arcada: The processing of personal data is based on Arcada’s role as an organizer of higher education. The basis for processing is Arcada’s legal obligation as well as performance of tasks carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority, and in some situations the student’s consent or a contract (General Data Protection Regulation, article 6). The processing ensures that students’ study rights and legal protection is handled in an appropriate and equal way and the authorities’ need for information and data collection is accommodated. Arcada processes data that belongs to special categories of personal data (according to the General Data Protection Regulation, article 9). Data about a student’s state of health is processed with the consent of the student to assess and accommodate the need for special arrangements in his or her studies and examinations. Data about the student’s state of health may also be used to assess the student’s suitability for degree programmes for which suitability requirements are stated in the legislation.The central acts, regulations and provisions by authorities when processing personal data are: Universities of Applied Sciences Act (932/2014)Government Decree on Universities of Applied Sciences (1129/2014)Act on the Openness of Government Activities (621/1999)Decree on the Openness of Government Activities and on Good Practice in Information Management (1030/99)Act on National Education and Degree Registers (884/2017)Archives Act (831/1994)The National Archive’s Decision on Permanent Storage of Thesis’ for Universities of Applied Sciences 16.9.2014 (AL/2897/07.01.01.03.01/2014)Arcada’s Degree Statues 1) Basic data 2) Contact information 3) Rights to study 4) Study attainments, partial study attainments and examination results 5) Degree thesis 6) International mobility (both studies and practical training, incoming and outgoing) 7) Data collected by electronic forms management service e-lomake and attachments to it 8) Data stored on paper, such as forms and annexes ASTA – system for study administratione-lomake - electronic form managementInsight – system for follow-up of study progressitslearning – online learning environmentMicrosoft Teams - system for online teaching and online exam supervisionMira Network CRM - system for administering graduated studentsMoveOn – system for processing international student mobilityUrkund – system for plagiarism checkSarake Sign - electronic signature service Sisu - new system for study administration (system is being introduced) TUUDO -mobile application connected to ASTAZoom - system for online teaching and online exam supervision Basic data and contact information is transferred from Arcada’s applicant register. Students can and have an obligation to update their contact information in the register themselves. Data is transferred to the national data warehouse VIRTA, from which most authorities have legal rights to collect information. In addition to the statutory purposes, Arcada also discloses data from VIRTA, to the following services when necessary: The disclosure of data to the authorities is based on legislation. Disclosure of data to other services is based on separate decisions made by Arcada. Data can also be disclosed to research and, with the student’s consent, to organizations for marketing purposes or for carrying out opinion polls. Personal data is not regularly transferred outside the EU or the EEA without the student’s consent. If suppliers or services which require personal data to be transferred outside the EU or the ETA are used, Arcada will make sure that the requirements for adequate level of protection are met or that appropriate safeguards are provided in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation 44-50. Material in electronic format is stored in IT systems and on computers protected from unauthorized use with security measures including firewalls and passwords. The systems have different user levels, and users are granted access to the data only to the extent the user’s work tasks require. Material in paper format is stored in locked rooms with limited access and access control. Automated decisions and profiling are not made based on personal data within the register. Information about the data subject's rights can be found here. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Privacy notices Student register 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Degree students (bachelor and master degrees) Specialization students and further education students International exchange students Students at the Open University of Applied Sciences Students through national collaboration between universities (based on contracts) Other students (for example commissioned courses and programmes) OILI (registration for the academic year, CSC) Follow-up questionnaires (Ministry of Education and Culture, CSC) AVOP/ARVO (student response, Ministry of Education and Culture and CSC) PURO (national study attainment transfer service, CSC) EMREX (international study attainment transfer service, Ministry of Education and Culture and CSC) UAF (University Admissions Finland consortium, international application service, CSC) FSHS (Finnish Student Health Service) FIONA (data for research purposes, Statistics Finland) TUUDO (mobile application, Tuudo Oy) Arcada Student Union - ASK (only with the student’s consent) Library register of borrowers (Arcada’s library, only with the student’s consent) Alumni register (only former students with their consent) User Administration Register The city of Helsinki’s social services and health care division (new students,yearly) Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Applicant register Breadcrumb Quick links 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights Information to the data subject in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) articles 13-14. Arcada University of Applied Sciences LtdJan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiBusiness ID: 2553871-2 Head of Student Services Cecilia Jaakkola Tel. 0294 282 639E-mail address in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Head of Student Affairs Lilian SjöbergTel. 0294 282 671 Vice Dean Pamela GrayTel. 0294 282 575E-mail addresses in the format firstname.surname@arcada.fi Data Protection Officer, Legal Counsel Anna HärmäTel. 0294 282 888E-mail address dataprotection@arcada.fi The data is used for the following purposes: The processing of personal data is based on Arcada’s role as organizer of higher education. The basis for processing is Arcada’s legal obligation as well as performance of tasks carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority (General Data Protection Regulation, article 6).Data that belongs to special categories of personal data (according to the General Data Protection Regulation, article 9) are processed in the register. Data about an applicant’s state of health is processed in order for Arcada to be able to assess the applicant’s suitability for degree programmes for which suitability requirements are stated in the legislation as well as well as to assess prerequisites for registrations of absence. Data about the state of health is processed with the applicant’s consent in order for Arcada to be able to accommodate the need for special arrangements in entrance examinations. The data is stored for five years, with stated exceptions above. Studyinfo – electronic application and registration service OILI – electronic service for registrations for the academic yearE-Lomake - electronic service for applications, handling of applications, submitting attachments relating to application and admission, accepting study place and registering for the academic yearMira CRM - electronic application and registration service and communication toolFlywire - electronic service for payment and administration of tuition fees The data is received from the applications, sign-ups and attachments to these provided by the applicants, and from the registrations for the academic year and attachments to these provided by the admitted students. The basis for requesting the data from the applicants or the new students is the necessity to fulfill Arcada’s legal requirements and requirements as an organizer of higher education. If the applicant or the new student does not provide the necessary information, the application or sign-up cannot be processed and the person cannot study at Arcada. Data from the applicant register is transferred to the student register when the applicant has been admitted to a degree programme and accepted his or her study place or when an applicant has been admitted to a course. If the applicant has given his or her consent, data from the applicant register can be disclosed to third parties for information and promotion of degree programmes and educational courses. Personal data is not transferred outside the EU or the EEA without the applicant’s consent. Material in electronic format is stored in IT systems and on computers protected from unauthorized use with security measures including firewalls and passwords. The systems have different user levels, and users are granted access to the data only to the extent the user’s work tasks require. Material in paper format is stored in locked rooms with limited access and access control. Automated decisions and profiling are not made based on personal data within the register. Information about the data subject's rights can be found here. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Privacy notices Applicant register 1. Controller 2. The controller’s representative 3. Contact person for the register 4. Data protection officer 5. Purposes of processing personal data 6. Legal basis for processing personal data 7. Categories of personal data and the duration of storage 8. IT systems used when processing personal data 9. Data sources 10. Recipients of the personal data 11. Transfer of personal data outside the EU and the EEA and the basis for the transfer 12. Principles for the protection of personal data 13. Automated decision-making 14. The data subject’s rights For applying and signing up for studies at Arcada For student admissions For accepting study places For statistics and reports For other functions necessary in relation to student admissions The applicant’s name, social security number/date of birth, student number (OID), application number (OID), nationality, gender, mother tongue, language of education and necessary contact information. For applicants who do not have a Finnish social security number, also data on place and country of birth, passport number and national ID number Chosen option for application The applicant’s education, degree and work experience The applicant’s state of health that may have an impact on his or her choice of career Other information relating to the application Information about admissions results (results from entrance exams and other information relating to the admission, for example admission points) Information about accepting the study place and registrations for the academic year Information about the new student’s military or civil service, parental leave or state of health, if the student has registered him- or herself as absent for the first academic year (time of storage 1 year) Information about the student’s state of health, if he or she has applied for individual arrangements in the entrance exam (time of storage 1 year) The applicant’s consent or refusal for publishing results on the internet The applicant’s consent or refusal for transferring name and contact information to third parties for marketing purposes The applicant’s consent or refusal for transferring contact information to Arcada’s library Information about tuition fee payments Information about how the applicant got information about the degree programme Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Scientific research Breadcrumb Main menu Here we have gathered all of our privacy notices regarding scientific research. Choose a privact notice in the menu. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Privacy notices Scientific research Knowing and learning in the post-digital Postcorona Postcorona 2 Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Knowing and learning in the post-digital Breadcrumb Quick links 1. Name of the research 2. Data Controller 3. Contact information 4. Research partners and distribution of responsibilities 5. Researchers 6. Description of the research project and the aim of processing personal data 7. Nature and duration of the research project 8. Legal basis for processing personal data 9. Sensitive personal data 10. Personal data in the research material 11. Data sources 12. Disclosure of personal data outside the research group 13. Transfer of personal data outside EU and ETA 14. Automated decision-making 15. Principles regarding protection of personal data 16. Processing of personal data after the research project is terminated 17. The informant’s rights The informant (the person being investigated, the data subject) should be informed of the processing of personal data in accordance with Articles 12-14 of the EU General Data Protection Regulation. Personal data is defined as such data, by means of which one can identify an informant, either directly or indirectly, for example by combining pieces of information. The Privacy Notice for Scientific Research contains the information that the informant should be given when personal data is processed in scientific research. Knowing and learning in the post-digital Yrkeshögskolan Arcada Ab (Arcada University of Applied Sciences), Jan-Magnus Janssons plats 1, 00560 Helsingfors Researcher in charge or research group Henrika Franck, PhD, vice rector research, henrika.franck@arcada.fi. Tel. 0294 282 502, Jan-Magnus Janssons plats 1, 00560 Helsingfors Corresponding researcher in matters regarding processing of personal data Educational Researcher, M.Ed. Tore Ståhl, tore.stahl@arcada.fi. Tel. 0294 282 504, Jan-Magnus Janssons plats 1, 00560 Helsingfors Data protection officer Data protection officer, lawyer Anna Härmä, dpo@arcada.fi. Tel. 0294 282 888. Jan-Magnus Janssons plats 1, 00560 Helsingfors Yrkeshögskolan Arcada Ab (Arcada University of Applied Sciences). Arcada’s Educational Researcher and study psychologist, as well as additional researchers and research assistants that may be tied to the project. The researches will process data to explore the project’s research questions, as well as new questions and phenomena arising from the material or observable at the university or in society. The material may also be used in other educational research projects within the university, and also in current and future doctoral research conducted by the university’s teachers (e.g. current dissertations regarding epistemic beliefs and First-year experience). The primary research questions of the research project regard exploring the relationships between knowledge view, media practices, reading and information competence, motivation, critical thinking and study success. The research project is both descriptive and prognostic, and the purpose is to deepen the university's knowledge of its students in order to develop education at Arcada towards active learning and student centeredness. From the material, no such reports are generated that would disclose the informants' identities. Results are reported in scientific publications and only in terms of group-wide trends and with respect for established research ethics. The research is by nature a follow-up research. The first data collection is performed among new students at the start of the academic year 2019 and after that, corresponding data collections are planned to take place at the start of each academic year. In addition, cumulative data may be collected among age groups in the middle and at the end of the study programmes to allow for comparisons across groups and over time. The data collection instruments may be fine-tuned during the project based on analysis results and development and phenomena in society. The legal basis for the processing of personal data is in accordance with the EU GDPR Art 6.1 - the university's legal commitment to continuously monitor and develop its activities (Universities of Applied Sciences Act 14.11.2014 / 932, sections 4 and 62), - a general interest in terms of scientific research and statistics. Participation in the survey-based data collection is voluntary. At the beginning of the questionnaire, the informant can choose (checkbox) to provide her/his consent to processing of the data (also see section 17). The research does not involve personal data of sensitive nature. The cumulation of data takes place during the entire course of each age group, which requires the informant's user name to be used as identification data in the data collection phase. At each cumulation procedure, collected data are pseudonymized1 prior to being added to the existing data set. The pseudonymization key is stored separately and destroyed after the cumulation for each age group is completed. Data regarding each age group are stored in separate, pseudonymized records. The register contains the informants' answers to the questions in various surveys. Access to each survey is based on a unique link contained in a personal invitation message to the informant's Arcada email, and the informant's user name is saved together with the survey responses. In the register, survey-based data are cumulated and merged with learning analytics-type data and performance data from itslearning and performance data from the study registry. Demographic data (first name and last name, year of birth, gender, nationality, home municipality, mother tongue, school language, secondary education, previous degrees, year of admission and education programme) are obtained from Arcada's student registry. Surveys are used to collect data regarding knowledge views (so-called epistemic beliefs), motivation, critical thinking, IT and media practices, activities prior the Arcada studies etc. Various kinds of meta and paradata may be registered during data collection (e.g. time stamp, browser, computer / mobile device etc.). Research data are not disclosed to actors outside the research group. Regarding data from Arcada’s net-based learning environment itslearning, itslearning serves as personal data processor on the basis of a current data protection agreement between the university and itslearning. Research data and personal data are not transferred outside EU or ETA. Research data are not used for automated decision-making. Data protection All research data are in electronic format and processed in information systems that only the project's researchers have access to. The access is based on Arcada login with username and password, and the information systems track the use of data. Pseudonymization and anonymization The material is pseudonymized at the collection stage, which means that direct identification data are removed: first name and last name (sect. 11) are removed and the user name is replaced with a pseudonym1 that only named persons have access to (sect.10). Material containing personal data is destroyed after it has been pseudonymized and merged with previous data. Research data are archived without identification data in pseudonymised format at the university, possibly also in the Finnish social science data archive in anonymized format (without pseudonymization key). The informant’s rights When it comes to data describing the informant her/himself, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) guarantees the informant the right to: The informant can exercise her/his rights or request additional information about the rights by contacting the corresponding researcher or the data protection officer. Exceptions from the informant’s rights In scientific and historical research, the Data Controller may deviate from the informant’s rights of accessing data, correcting data, restricting the processing of data and the right to object to the processing if: On the basis of the above criteria, the current research project deviates from the informant's rights by allowing the informant to exercise her/his right only within one week after each data collection. At a later point of time, exercising the right would require disproportionate effort and additionally, make it impossible to repeat analyses already made due to the changed content of research data. 1 See: https://www.fsd.tuni.fi/aineistonhallinta/en/anonymisation-and-identifiers.html#when-are-data-anonymous-and-when-pseudonymous Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Privacy notices Scientific research Knowing and learning in the post-digital 1. Name of the research 2. Data Controller 3. Contact information 4. Research partners and distribution of responsibilities 5. Researchers 6. Description of the research project and the aim of processing personal data 7. Nature and duration of the research project 8. Legal basis for processing personal data 9. Sensitive personal data 10. Personal data in the research material 11. Data sources 12. Disclosure of personal data outside the research group 13. Transfer of personal data outside EU and ETA 14. Automated decision-making 15. Principles regarding protection of personal data 16. Processing of personal data after the research project is terminated 17. The informant’s rights obtain information about the processing of personal data, get access to data, correct data, limit or object to the processing of data, submit a complaint to the Data Ombudsman's Office if they consider that the applicable data protection legislation has not been followed in the processing of personal data. processing is based on an appropriate research plan, the research has a researcher in charge or a responsible group and personal data is used and disclosed only for historical or scientific research or other compatible purposes, and also provided that data is processed so that information regarding specific persons is not disclosed to outsiders. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu New Healthcare Programmes Breadcrumb Highlights 2019 Flexibility and bilingualism Curious about what happened at Arcada during the year? Check out our highlights. In 2019 Arcada launched two new healthcare programmes designed to answer to the needs of today’s society. Both programmes – the master’s programme Leadership for Nordic Healthcare and the bilingual two-year nursing programme organized in cooperation with Diak (Finnish-language Diacona UAS) – will start in the autumn of 2020. Maria Forss, Head of the Department for Healthcare, and Jonas Tana, Senior Lecturer, are in charge of the new programmes. – Leadership for Nordic Healthcare is the result of student activity – a response to a demand the students themselves have expressed. The healthcare sector needs foremen at different levels, and healthcare specialists need further education in leadership, says Forss. Leadership is the common thread running through the whole programme, even if it’s made up of five different modules: leadership, the Nordic welfare model, digitalisation and ethics, service design and methodology. – The big changes we can see in the social and healthcare sectors are to a large part due to increasing privatisation. The fact that we have a growing number of enterprises within the private sector producing health care services affects both clients and employees. These changes make new demands on tomorrow’s leaders – the challenges are more complex and the leaders must work well under pressure and be able to adapt easily, Forss continues. Maria Forss, Head of the Department for Healthcare. The leaders of the future have to be at the forefront of digital transformation and possess digital competence, but at the same time be aware of the ethical dilemmas that might arise, explains Jonas Tana. – Collecting data is a huge issue from an ethical perspective. What kind of data do we collect concerning our clients and patients? What do we do with this data? Who owns it? How can it be used to best serve our clients? Yet another issue concerns demography and the digital gap between generations. We have to consider the groups of people that may remain outside the digitalisation process and how this impacts national health. Jonas Tana, Senior Lecturer. Today just about anything can be digitalised, but it doesn’t mean that total digitalisation is best for society as a whole. – Leaders must be able to apply digitalisation where it’s actually useful – and refrain from digitalising where a human being is irreplaceable. We mustn’t digitalise just for the sake of digitalising, Tana says. Today flexible studies are much in demand. The new master’s programme in healthcare is one hundred percent online, which is unique. – Providing on-line programmes is one of Arcada’s main strengths, one where we already have several years of experience. There’s a great demand for such healthcare programmes. This is partially due to some of our students not living in Finland, and partially because others may be fully occupied with family and work. Not being able to be physically present shouldn’t be an obstacle to studying, Forss adds. The new bilingual (Finnish and Swedish) nursing programme, organized together with Diak (UAS) focuses on flexibility Jonas Tana explains. – The programme is made up of multiple or so-called flex studies; this involves distance studies as well as being physically present. The idea is to make it possible to combine studies with work. Here we differ from other schools – flex studies in nursing aren’t that common. In this new bilingual programme students take half of the course in Finnish at Diak and the remaining half in Swedish at Arcada. – This suits most students, but we are especially keen to accept students who already have an exam and want to change direction, or students with a career as practical nurse. We are strengthening cooperation between our two national languages and at the same time answering to a real demand today, the one for more nurses and especially bilingual nurses, Tana says. Both new healthcare programmes meet a real demand in society today. The programmes also consolidate Arcada’s central role both in promoting multilingualism and as a bridge to the other Nordic countries. – We would really like to see this new master’s programme evolve into a Nordic cooperation where individual universities take responsibility for their separate modules in a common programme, Forss concludes. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2019 New Healthcare Programmes Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Postcorona 2 Breadcrumb Quick links 1. Name of the research 2. Data controller 3. Contact information 4. Research partners and distribution of responsibilities 5. Researchers 6. Description of the research project and the purpose of the processing of personal data 7. Nature and duration of the research project 8. Legal basis for the processing of personal data 9. Sensitive personal data 10. Personal data in the research material 11. Sources of information 12. Disclosure of information outside the research group 13. Transmission of data outside the EU and the EEA 14. Automated decision making 15. Principles for the protection of personal data 16. Processing of personal data after the research has been completed 17. The informant’s rights Privacy Notice for Scientific Research Published: 1.12.2020 The informant (the person being investigated, the data subject) should be informed of the processing of personal data in accordance with Articles 12-14 of the EU General Data Protection Regulation. Personal data is defined as such data, by means of which one can identify an informant, either directly or indirectly, for example by combining pieces of information. The Privacy Notice for Scientific Research contains the information that the informant should be given when personal data is processed in scientific research. Follow-up on Corona in the rear-view mirror Yrkeshögskolan Arcada Ab (Arcada University of Applied Sciences), Jan-Magnus Janssons plats 1, 00560 Helsingfors Researcher in charge or research group Research vicerektor, PhD Henrika Franck, henrika.franck@arcada.fi. Tel. 0207 699 502, Jan-Magnus Janssons plats 1, 00560 Helsingfors Corresponding researcher in matters regarding processing of personal data Researcher in Education, M.Ed. Tore Ståhl, tore.stahl@arcada.fi. Tel. 0207 699 504, Jan-Magnus Janssons plats 1, 00560 Helsingfors Data protection officer Data protection officer, lawyer Anna Härmä, dpo@arcada.fi. Tel. 0207 699 488. Jan-Magnus Janssons plats 1, 00560 Helsingfors Yrkeshögskolan Arcada Ab (Arcada University of Applied Sciences) The researcher in education, the unit for Guidance and student well-being, the unit for Study Services and researchers and research assistants who are affiliated to the research project at Arcada. The persons processing the material do it for exploring the research project's issues, as well as any new issues and phenomena that emerge from the material or are observed in the university or society. The material can also be used in the university's other research projects as well as current and upcoming doctoral dissertations made by people who are affiliated to the university. The aim of the research project is both descriptive and prognostic. Data may be collected among Arcada's staff and students and, in the light of the protracted and ongoing pandemic, the purpose is to: The results are primarily reported internally, but possibly also in scientific or professionally oriented publications. In all cases, only group trends are described and reporting is done with respect for established research ethics. Reports generated from the material will never disclose the identities of the informants. The research is by its nature a follow-up of the first data collection made among students and staff in May-June 2020. Since the Corona pandemic has continued throughout the autumn, a follow-up data collection will be carried out in December 2020. As there is great uncertainty about how long the pandemic, and shutdown measures caused by it, will continue, cumulative data collections may be repeated in the coming semesters for comparisons over time. The instruments for data collection can be fine-tuned during the project on the basis of the analysis results, how the pandemic develops and what measures with consequences for the university's activities are taken. The legal basis for the processing of personal data is in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation, Article 6.1 Participation in the survey-based data collection is voluntary. To open the questionnaire, the informant will provide her/his consent to the processing of the data by ticking a box (see also section 17). The research does not involve processing of sensitive personal data. The informants are invited to participate through a personal e-mail, which contains a unique link to the participant's personal survey form. Thus, the informant's name and e-mail address will initially be stored together with the informant's responses. The following background data is used for grouping purposes: After data collection, all identification data (name, e-mail address) will be removed and the material thus contains no direct identification data. In addition to the background variables mentioned above, research data will only contain the cumulative responses that the informants themselves have provided. The accumulation of data can continue as long as the pandemic continues and even after it has ceased for follow-up purposes, which presupposes that the informant's username is used as identification data at each collection stage. At each cumulation phase, collected data is pseudonymized (see p. 15) before new data is added to existing data. The pseudonymization key is saved separately and destroyed after the data collection is completed. The research material mainly consists of the informants' responses to the questions in the questionnaire. The background variables (section 10) are retrieved from Arcada's HRM service and from Arcada's student registry. The register contains the informants' responses to the questions in various surveys. Access to each survey is based on a unique link in a personal invitation to the informant's Arcada email, and the informant's username is saved together with the questionnaire responses during the collection phase. Demographic data and background data (p. 10) are retrieved from Arcada's student registry and HRM service, respectively. The register accumulates questionnaire-based data, and performance data from the study register may be added to the register. The researcher may provide other units at Arcada (eg the departments, Arcada Study services, the library) with anonymised and limited data sets in order for those to explore feedback provided regarding the services they provide. Research data are not disclosed to actors outside the research group at Arcada. Research data and personal data are not transferred outside the EU or the EEA. Automated decisions are not made on the basis of collected research data. Material protection All research data is in electronic format and is processed in information systems that only the project researchers have access to. The access is based on Arcada login with username and password, and the information systems track the use of data. Pseudonymisation and anonymisation The material is pseudonymised at each collection stage, which means that direct identification information is removed: first name and last name (p. 11) are removed and the username is replaced with a pseudonym that only named persons have access to (p. 10). Materials containing personal data are destroyed after they have been pseudonymised and merged with previous (pseudonymised) data. Research data is archived without identification data in a pseudonymised format at the university, possibly also in the Finnish social science data archive in an anonymised format (without a pseudonymisation key). The informant’s rights Information about the informant's rights can be found here. Exceptions to the informant's rights Exceptions from the informant's rights are made in this research project to the extent that the informant can exercise her/his rights only within a limited time after each data collection. At a later date, the exercise of the right would partly require a disproportionate amount of work effort, and partly make it impossible to replicate analyses due to the changed content of research data. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Privacy notices Scientific research Postcorona 2 1. Name of the research 2. Data controller 3. Contact information 4. Research partners and distribution of responsibilities 5. Researchers 6. Description of the research project and the purpose of the processing of personal data 7. Nature and duration of the research project 8. Legal basis for the processing of personal data 9. Sensitive personal data 10. Personal data in the research material 11. Sources of information 12. Disclosure of information outside the research group 13. Transmission of data outside the EU and the EEA 14. Automated decision making 15. Principles for the protection of personal data 16. Processing of personal data after the research has been completed 17. The informant’s rights Describe and evaluate the informants' experiences of distance work/studies during the autumn of 2020 and to follow up the survey conducted in the spring of 2020, in order to benefit from good practices that have emerged and to identify such practices that require improvement. In case of a prolonged pandemic, follow up with repeated surveys. identify and refine such practices that contribute to improving Arcada’s preparedness to face future pandemics or similar circumstances. Identify what forms of support need to be developed. the university's legitimate interest based on the university's mission, the university's legal obligation to constantly follow up and develop its activities (Universities of Applied Sciences Act 14.11.2014 / 932, sections 4 and 62), a public interest in terms of scientific research and statistics. staff; staff category and department / unit. students; educational program (and hence language and department), year of enrolment, right to study (bachelor, master, open university), year of birth, gender, nationality. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Postcorona Breadcrumb Quick links 1. Name of the research 2. Data controller 3. Contact information 4. Research partners and distribution of responsibilities 5. Researchers 6. Description of the research project and the aim of processing personal data 7. Nature and duration of the research project 8. Legal basis for processing personal data 9. Sensitive personal data 10. Personal data in the research material 11. Data sources 12. Disclosure of personal data outside the research group 13. Transfer of personal data outside EU and ETA 14. Automated decision-making 15. Principles regarding protection of personal data 16. Processing of personal data after the research project is terminated 17. The informant’s rights The informant (the person being investigated, the data subject) should be informed of the processing of personal data in accordance with Articles 12-14 of the EU General Data Protection Regulation. Personal data is defined as such data, by means of which one can identify an informant, either directly or indirectly, for example by combining pieces of information. The Privacy Notice for Scientific Research contains the information that the informant should be given when personal data is processed in scientific research. Corona in the rear-view mirror Yrkeshögskolan Arcada Ab (Arcada University of Applied Sciences), Jan-Magnus Janssons plats 1, 00560 Helsingfors Researcher in charge or research group Research vicerektor, PhD Henrika Franck, henrika.franck@arcada.fi. Tel. 0294 282 502, Jan-Magnus Janssons plats 1, 00560 Helsingfors Corresponding researcher in matters regarding processing of personal data Researcher in Education, M.Ed. Tore Ståhl, tore.stahl@arcada.fi. Tel. 0294 282 504, Jan-Magnus Janssons plats 1, 00560 Helsingfors Data protection officer Data protection officer, lawyer Anna Härmä, dpo@arcada.fi. Tel. 0294 282 888. Jan-Magnus Janssons plats 1, 00560 Helsingfors Yrkeshögskolan Arcada Ab (Arcada University of Applied Sciences) Arcada’s Researcher in Education. The aim of the research project is both descriptive and prognostic. Data will be collected among Arcada’s staff and students. The purpose is: Results are primarily reported internally, but possibly also in scientific or professionally oriented publications but in all cases, only in terms of group-wide trends and with respect for established research ethics. Reports generated from the material will never disclose the informants' identities. The research is by its nature a one-off research. The legal basis for the processing of personal data is in accordance with the EU GDPR Art 6.1 Participation in the survey-based data collection is voluntary. At the beginning of the questionnaire, the informant will use a checkbox to provide her/his consent to processing of the data (also see section 17, after which the survey opens. The research does not involve personal data of sensitive nature. Respondents are invited to participate over a personal email message, containing a unique link to the participant’s personal survey form. Thus, the respondent’s email address will initially be stored together with the respondent’s responses. The following background data are used for grouping purposes: After data collection, identification data (the email address) will be removed and thus, the material will not contain actual identification data. In addition to the above-mentioned background variables, the research data will contain responses provided by the respondents themselves. The research data mainly consists of the respondents' answers to the questions in the survey. The background variables (section 10) are retrieved from Arcada’s HRM service and from Arcada’s student registry. The researcher may provide other units at Arcada (e.g. the institutions, Study services, Arcada library) with anonymised and limited data sets in order for those to explore feedback provided regarding the services they provide. Research data are not disclosed to actors outside Arcada. An aggregated data set will be disclosed to the Finnish Education Evaluation Centre (FINEEC [1] ), that will be collecting experiences from all Finnish universities in connection to the exceptional circumstances due to the Corona pandemic. Research data and personal data are not transferred outside EU or ETA. Research data are not used for automated decision-making. Data protection Research data are in electronic format and processed in information systems that only the researcher has access to. The access is based on Arcada login with username and password, and the information systems track the use of data. Pseudonymization and anonymization The material is anonymized immediately after the collection stage. Research data are archived in anonymised format at the university, possibly also in the Finnish social science data archive. The informant’s rights Information about the informants rights can be found here. Exceptions from the informant’s rights The current research deviates from the informant's rights by allowing the informant to exercise her/his rights only within a limited time after data collection. At a later point of time, the responses can no longer be connected to the informant since at that stage, research data have been anonymised and will no longer contain any actual identification data. [1] https://karvi.fi/en/ Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us About the website Data protection Privacy notices Scientific research Postcorona 1. Name of the research 2. Data controller 3. Contact information 4. Research partners and distribution of responsibilities 5. Researchers 6. Description of the research project and the aim of processing personal data 7. Nature and duration of the research project 8. Legal basis for processing personal data 9. Sensitive personal data 10. Personal data in the research material 11. Data sources 12. Disclosure of personal data outside the research group 13. Transfer of personal data outside EU and ETA 14. Automated decision-making 15. Principles regarding protection of personal data 16. Processing of personal data after the research project is terminated 17. The informant’s rights to describe and evaluate the respondents’ experiences of distance work/studies during period 4/2020 in order to take advantage of good practices that have emerged, and to identify practices that require improving. to identify and refine such practices that contribute to improving Arcada’s preparedness to meet future pandemics or similar circumstances. the legitimate interest of the university based on the university's mission, the university's legal commitment to continuously monitor and develop its activities (Universities of Applied Sciences Act 14.11.2014 / 932, sections 4 and 62), a general interest in terms of scientific research and statistics. staff; staff category and department/unit students; degree programme (and department), year of enrolment, student category (bachelor, master, open university). Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Library and Information Services Breadcrumb Main menu Quick links Library collections Arcada Finna Libguides Theseus Research.fi Arcada Publikation and Arcada Working Papers Contact information Frequently asked questions about the library Perlego Databases Service Library Skills Training Do you need support with information retrevial, an oasis for creative thinking or access to the latest publications in your field? Arcada's library, our collections and services are open to everyone and we are happy to help you find your way in the information jungle! In addition to borrowing literature, you can also study at the library, read in the quiet reading room, browse in new magazines and read the daily newspaper or use the student computers. In the journal reading room you can scan, copy and print documents. You can buy print credits from the student union ASK's webshop or office. The library's collections mainly represent the subjects within which Arcada offers education, i.e. business administration, media, culture, technology, sports and social and health care. Arcada's Library Catalogue Find journal articles, books, instructions within your own field in the library guides Theses and publications from Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences The Research.fi portal contains information on the research publications produced at Arcada from 2012 onwards . Arcada Publikation contains conference publications and reports. Arcada Working Papers (ISSN 2342-3064) are working versions of academic articles, chapters in books or review articles. The articles in this series present ongoing research and can later be published in a revised form in other scientific forums. Arcada, LibraryJan-Magnus Janssons plats 100560 Helsingfors Phone: 0294 282 690 E-mail: library@arcada.fi The library staff. Library blog at Inside Arcada . Here you will find answers to the most common questions about the library You can renew your loans by logging in to Arcada Finna or via Tuudo. A loan can not be renewed if: Log in to Arcada Finna , find the book you need and click on the "reserve title" box. You will receive an e-mail when the book is available for pick up at the library. Only loaned books can be reserved. Short-term loans can not be reserved at all. As a student or staff at Arcada, you will receive a digital library card via Tuudo. Download Tuudo from e.g. Google Play store, then select the library in the menu and click on "add library card". See the instructions video here . External customers can apply for a library card online . If you do not remember your pin code, change it as follows:go to Arcada Finna and click on the "log in" box, then select "Library card (external customers)" and "forgot pin code". If Perlego asks you to pay for the usage, you have registered as a private individual instead of using Arcada's license. Do as follows: If that doesn't work, clear your browser of cookies / cache and try again The next time you log in, do so directly on Perlego . You must be logged in to Arcada's network to access licensed material in the various databases. Search the database via LibGuides or Arcada Finna and login with your Arcada username (if required). The library follows campus opening hours and is open to students and staff with a flex key Monday-Friday at 07.00–21.00. On weekends, the library can be visited between 09.00–17.30. External customers can visit the library on weekdays from 07.00 to 18.00 (after which the front door is locked). Customer service is available on weekdays from 10.00 to 15.00. Exceptions during opening hours may occur. To be able to print, you need credit in your Arcada account. Credits can only be purchased from Arcada's student union ASK. You can go to the ASK office in the Cor house, check the Cor house opening hours here or shop in the online store . Note that it can take 1-2 days before the credits are transferred to your account. More information about the copiers can be found at Start . The primary task of Arcada's library is to provide information resource services for students and staff. The library is also open to the public. The library offers both classes in information retrieval and individual consultation for students and staff at Arcada. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Services Library Service Library Skills Training Frequently asked questions about the library Library collections Contact information Frequently asked questions about the library the book is reserved by someone else it is a short-term loan you have late fees over 10 Euro the book is already renewed the maximum number of times Delete your current account if possible, or log out. Register with your Arcada username via this link . Print to the printer called Follow-Me Log in to the copier with your key Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Service Breadcrumb Quick links Service price list Service Do you need accessible study materials? The primary task of Arcada's library is to provide information resource services for students and staff. The library is also open to the public. You need a library card in order to borrow books from Arcada's library. Students and staff at Arcada receive their library card via the Tuudo mobile application. The library card must be presented whenever you borrow or renew a book or any other resource material. The owner of the library card is always responsible for any items borrowed with his/her card. Borrowed items should not be given or passed on to a third party. Any changes of name, e-mail or address should be reported to the library. Library's rules of use and fees: The primary task of Arcada's library is to provide information resource services for students and staff. The library is also open to the public. Students with dyslexia and reading difficulties can borrow course literature from Celia . The loan periods are: Arcada's research and teaching staff can borrow monographs for 6 months. However, if a reservation is made for this material, it will be recalled in 14 days. Borrowed books and other resource material can be renewed by logging on to Arcada Finna . Renewals can also be made by e-mail, from the library's information desk or via the phone. You are not allowed to renew a book or other borrowed material if: Short loans can not be renewed. Borrowed material must be returned on the due date. Overdue fines (see fines and fees) are charged, starting from the first day following the due date. The overdue fine for an ordinary loan is 0.30 €/book/day and for a short loan 5.00 €/day. It is the responsibility of the the borrower to be aware of the due date. A reminder of books and material that are due is send by e-mail two days before the due date. A recall of overdue books and material is sent five days after the due date, and after that two more reminders are sent. Recalls are sent by e-mail, and borrowers who have accumulated overdue fees of 10 € or more, are not eligible for borrowing any books or library material until the overdue fees have been paid. When items are late, three reminders will be followed by an invoice. Unpaid invoices are handled by Visma’s debt collection on behalf of Arcada. You can pay your overdue fines online through your profile in Arcada Finna or by card in the library. Reservations can be made on borrowed material by logging onto Arcada Finna. Reservations can also be made by the library staff. The library staff will inform the borrower by e-mail when the reserved items has arrived in the library. Reserved items are kept in the library for three workdays. Lost or damaged library material has to be replaced by a new copy or by paying a fixed fee. Annotations or underlinings in the borrowed books are regarded as damage. Read about data protection Inform the library of any changes in your biographical information (name and other contact information changes). This can be done through logging in to Arcada Finna . When updating your biographical information, remember to state your name, your library card bar code and your new contact information.e-mail: biblioteket(a)arcada.fitelephone: +358(0)294 282 690 Books and articles that are not available in Arcada's library can be ordered from other libraries as interlibrary borrowing . Books and material borrowed from other libraries are subjected to the same borrowing conditions applicable to the borrowing library. Interlibrary borrowings are not permitted within the Helsinki Metropolitan Area. Books that are marked as text books or shoart loans cannot be loaned to other libraries. Price list for interlibrary loans (see service price list) Arcada's students and staff can make a request to purchase books or journals. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Services Library Service Service price list Service course books and monographs: 14 days short loans shall be returned the next day before the library closes (available only to students and staff at Arcada) reference books can not be borrowed the book has or is being requested by another person the book has already been renewed 10 times you owe more than 10 euros in fees or fines Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Library Skills Training Breadcrumb Quick links Classes in Information Retrieval Individual Tutorials in Information Retrieval Help and instructions How to find a textbook in Finna Remote video URL Search for a certain topic in Finna Remote video URL Arcadas Libguides Remote video URL Library and Information Services Service The library offers both classes in information retrieval and individual consultation for students and staff at Arcada. There are classes in information retrieval skills integrated in all degree programmes. The information skills classes gives you an introduction to available databases and how to use different search techniques. The classes are an integrated part of ordinary courses and you will find information about this in the course descriptions. Arcada's course Introduction to Academic studies contains also study material about seeking information. Do you have difficulties in finding relevant information sources for your studies? You are welcome to ask for help and advice when looking for literature or information in our databases and Internet resources. You can also make a reservation for individual consulting in information retrieval, a session that will last about an hour. Fees for external customers (see fines and fees) Short tutorials on Arcada Finna and the Libguides. More videos on different library services are found in the playlist below. See the playlist You have not yet given permission to place the required cookies. Accept the required cookies to view this content. You have not yet given permission to place the required cookies. Accept the required cookies to view this content. You have not yet given permission to place the required cookies. Accept the required cookies to view this content. Do you need support with information retrevial, an oasis for creative thinking or access to the latest publications in your field? Arcada's library, our collections and services are open to everyone and we are happy to help you find your way in the information jungle! The primary task of Arcada's library is to provide information resource services for students and staff. The library is also open to the public. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Services Library Library Skills Training How to find a textbook in Finna Search for a certain topic in Finna Arcadas Libguides Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Compassionate Professionals – Arcada’s Main Asset on Tomorrow’s Labour Market Breadcrumb Highlights 2019 Compassion - intuitively feeling and being able to exist in the moment Curious about what happened at Arcada during the year? Check out our highlights. Today compassion is viewed as an important competence in working life, a necessary tool for people in a workplace to help deal with difficult situations and to make good, ethical choices. The other side of the coin is compassion fatigue, the fatigue that can follow from feeling compassion very strongly and can lead to severe burnout unless the person in question is afforded the necessary psychological support. At Arcada these and other related areas are being examined. In 2019 the pilot project Learning Compassion was financed by the Lindstedt Foundation. The interdisciplinary course will take place in 2020-2021 and it is being planned by Jan Nåls, Head Teacher in Film and Media at the Department of Culture and Media, Marina Arell-Sundberg, lector in Ergo-therapy at the Department of Health and Welfare, and Minna Stenius, responsible for education at the Master in International Business Management at the Department for Finance and Business Analysis. They envisage this course as being the start for further research in compassion at Arcada. – We have clear indications that there’s a demand for subjects like empathy and compassion. In my subject, film and media, they are constantly relevant as we try to create audience empathy through stories and identifying with the characters, says Jan Nåls. – There’s a great need for compassion in many types of profession. It has to do with relating to others and with managing your own and other people’s feelings, says Minna Stenius. The aim of the pilot project is dual. Firstly, the course aims to give Arcada students increased respect for other professions. According to the course plans students have more in common that they think, and the same goes for personnel. Secondly, the course seeks to give students important working-life skills. – Students will have tools to help them make good, sound and ethical choices at work. To do this you have to understand compassion and empathy,” explains Marina Arell-Sundberg, “always keeping in mind sustainability; if we set out with a sense of common values it’s easier to work together, she adds. The course participants will find that the interdisciplinary approach manifests itself in many ways. The course will offer opportunities to collect and share the knowledge already found at Arcada, such as previous research and case studies from Arcada’s respective departments. This of course involves strengthening various skills and sharing best practices through assignments and workshops. – Within the professions taught at Arcada future students will daily come across issues relating to compassion. During the course, students will be able to adopt new attitudes and a different way of approaching their future professions. It has to do with shouldering a collective responsibility and openly communicating about these issues, says Nåls. – The pace of societal change is accelerating, making the need for these skills imperative. On one hand there are more and greater possibilities, on the other hand increasing numbers of people feel threatened by a lack of security. Barriers that need not exist are created. There are, however, tools and mindsets that help us look beyond the barriers, Stenius explains. Studies in compassion deal with overcoming these different barriers, whether they are ones of class, ethnicity, gender or some other. Compassion is a prerequisite for a functioning democracy – society just doesn’t work if we humans can’t understand one another’s points of view. The wellbeing aspect is also strongly present. – We know that more and more people out there on the labour market don’t feel well. Through this type of course we can give students tools that will help them feel better. Compassionate people in working life are an asset, and if Arcada can provide an education in compassion then this in turn is an asset for Arcada, Arell-Sundberg concludes. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2019 Compassionate Professionals Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Research Fair 2021: Arcada in the forefront 19.03.2021 10:00-15:00 - Zoom Research Fair: Arcada in the Forefront 19.03.2021 Program for afternoon sessions Welcome to the Research Fair: Arcada in the forefront. When Programme The topics in the thematic sessions: Digitalization Rewarding life Sustainability Contact persons Elina Sagne-Ollikainen The theme for the Research fair 2021 is “Arcada in the forefront”. It is based on Arcada's strategy to put education into work for a rewarding and sustainable life. How should we, through our research, development and innovation activities, contribute to a dynamic working life and a vibrant Swedish-speaking culture in a multicultural Finland. Time/theme Digitalization Chair: Magnus Westerlund Rewarding life Chair: Camilla Wikström-Grotell Sustainability Chair: Mirja Andersson 12.45-13.00 Remote physiotherapy Social and service robots AI materials 13:00-13.15 Ditepract The Barefoot project AI plastic recycling 13.15-13.30 Neural Networks Vaken Acid sulfate soils 13.30-13.45 Health behaviors CP Nordic Break 13.45-14.00 Time/theme Digitalization Chair: Amin Majd Rewarding life Chair: Camilla Wikström-Grotell Sustainability Chair: Mirja Andersson 14.00-14.15 Online shopping Afora Circai 14.15-14-30 Ship&Drone Arcada belonging Kesto 14.30-14.45 Computer vision Nobility Finlust This event is directed to all interested, partners and collaborators and will be held on the digital platform Zoom. In order to present the broad and deep research and development activities at Arcada, and to create synergies, we welcome all researchers, teachers and other staff to participate in the RDI Fair Arcada in the forefront. The Research Fair will start with two Key notes in the morning and in the afternoon there will be three different thematic sessions: Digitalization, Sustainability and Rewarding Life. The 19th of March 2021 at 10 am to 3 pm on Zoom using this link: https://arcada.zoom.us/j/66195267159 10.00 Welcome words Henrika Franck, vice rector Arcada 10.30 – 11.15 Professor Roberto Zicari, Goethe University Frankfurt, AI and trust 11.15 – 11.45 Dr. Jonas Tana, Arcada, Infodemiology 11.45 – 12.45 Lunch 12.45 – 13.45 Breakout rooms, session 1 13.45 - 14.00 Coffee Break 14.00 – 14.45 Breakout rooms, session 2 14.45 – 15.00 Concluding words Computer Vision-based Marker-less Real Time Motion Analysis for Rehabilitation – An Interdisciplinary Research Project. Hellstén Thomas, Karlsson Jonny and Pulkkis Göran. Consumer migration to online grocery shopping - before, during and past the Covid-19 pandemic. Eriksson Niklas and Stenius Minna. Specialist, Research and Innovation E-mail: elina.sagne-ollikainen@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 634 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Computer Vision-based Marker-less Real Time Motion Analysis for Rehabilitation – An Interdisciplinary Research Project. Hellstén Thomas, Karlsson Jonny and Pulkkis Göran. Consumer migration to online grocery shopping - before, during and past the Covid-19 pandemic. Eriksson Niklas and Stenius Minna. Current state and future of remote physiotherapy. Hellstén Thomas, Kettunen Jyrki, Sjögren Tuulikki, Jäppinen Anna-Maija, Arokoski Jari. Digital and Hybrid Teaching and Learning of Practical Skills in Higher Education DITEPRACT. Wikström-Grotell Camilla, Surakka Jukka and Söderlund Anne. Fusing extreme learning machine with convolutional neural Network. Akusok Anton. Multi-View Object Detection Network for Autonomous Ships by Combining Ship and Drone Views. Majd Amin, Espinosa Leal Leonardo and Westerlund Magnus. Novel approaches to studying health behaviours. Tana Jonas, Mannevaara Pauleen, Jeglinsky-Kankainen Ira, Wikström-Grotell Camilla. Arcada, a place for learning, belonging and collaborating. Forss Maria and Franck Henrika. The barefoot project. Nåls Jan. Including social and service robots in the higher education learning context -insights form the AFORA project at Arcada UAS. Tigerstedt Christa and Biström Dennis. NOBILITY Nordic Bildung opportunity - an investment in the future of the Nordic healthcare education. Franck Henrika, Forss Maria, Grönlund Anu, Eriksson Christoffer, Mannevaara Pauleen, Tana Jonas. Partnership and family formation in adults with cerebral palsy in the Nordic countries: presentation of an ongoing study as a short abstract. Jeglinsky-Kankainen I, Alriksson-Schmidt A, Jahnsen R, Jónsdottir G, Rodby-Bousquet E, Kedir A, Nordbye-Nielsen K, Kløve N, Laufey Ásgeirsdøttír T. Social and Service Robots Deployed for Social Distancing – Optimization and Placement. Majd Amin. The VAKEN project - future proofing and solving problems at the same time. Forsström Mikael, Kelly Owen, Smirnova Elena and Tigerstedt Christa. Acculturation and Wellbeing in Internationally Educated Nurses studying and working in the Nordic countries. Gray Pamela. 'CIRCAI' project: Integration of artificial intelligence and material science. Asad Faizan. Classification and prediction of acid sulfate soils. Estévez Virginia and Björk Kaj-Mikael. Designing a Sustainable Future: Artificial Intelligent Methods for Materials Research. Espinosa-Leal Leonardo and Gebrehiwot Silas. Eettinen kestävyysosaaminen työelämä- ja korkeakoulukontekstissa (KESTO). Kiukas Carina, Ståhl Tore and Wikström-Grotell Camilla. Finlust - A longitudinal study of the career and well-being of Finnish-Swedish young professionals in the work in the social and health care sector. Grönlund Anu, Eronen Lotta, Forss Maria and Kettunen Jyrki. The potential of AI (computer vision) in the recycling of plastic waste. Asad Faizan and Andersson Mirja. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Aiming for Sustainable Home Care Breadcrumb Highlights 2019 The flatter the organisation, the more flexible the changeovers Curious about what happened at Arcada during the year? Check out our highlights. How can we achieve functioning and sustainable home care for the elderly? This is a frequently debated and topical issue, and certainly not without relevance at Arcada – quite the opposite. During 2019 an innovative project concerning the organisation of home care took off at Arcada. Since the autumn of 2018 Åsa Rosengren and Jukka Piippo, Head Teachers at the Department of Health and Welfare, have been researching how self-managing home care teams have worked out and what the effects of this model have been on the wellbeing of both clients and personnel. – This model has a holistic view of the client. It’s based on seeing the needs of the client and the client’s life situation as one whole, says Rosengren. This project came from the Dutch self-managing organisational model Buurtsorg (in English neighbourhood care). The idea behind Buurtsorg is a self-managing and self-organizing team; all decisions, everything from administration to healthcare needs to vacation timetables and office facilities, are taken collectively and without a leader/foreman. The team is not, however, left in free fall – there are external coaches to consult if needed. The role of the coaches is to support and to guide, not to make decisions. In the Netherlands this model has shown positive results with increased staff and client satisfaction – as well as having proven to be cost-effective. – It’s essential to trust the competence of each team member and to carry on a continuous dialogue, says Piippo. Rosengren and Piippo are carrying out two case studies where the Buurtsorg model is being tested: one in a small Finnish municipality and the other in a larger one. In this research project Arcada is responsible for conducting the interviews while THL (The Finnish Institute for Health and Welfare) is in charge of measuring work satisfaction, wellbeing, stress and quality of care. Hanken, School of Economics contributes by calculating cost-effectiveness. Through interviewing clients and staff Arcada is looking to find answers to the following questions: how could the Dutch self-managing model be adapted in Finland? Is the model conducive to increased work and client satisfaction? Is the model cost-effective? It’s too early to say anything about the final results, but the fact is that there have already been positive results in Finland. In the smaller municipality where the model is being tested, the year 2019 showed a drop in staff sick leaves. – In this municipality the home care staff decides collectively on the work schedule and fits it to individual needs. The foreman doesn’t chair the meetings, they are self-managed by the team members – the foreman is only called in when necessary. The team members have made another big change: clients are divided into smaller areas geographically. This has led to fewer clients per area and team member, says Rosengren. These changes have been significant for client satisfaction. High on the clients’ list of priorities is continuity, having the same carer. The future will tell whether we are looking at a shift to self-managing home care teams. This model suits some better than others. – The more hierarchical an organisation is the more difficult the shift would be. In a flatter organisation the process is easier, Piippo points out. – In all related research it’s important to be able to test innovative projects and models together with the organisations and communes as well as those the projects affect. The project has to allow for a sufficient time span. And follow-up studies are required to be able to say something about the long-term effects on the well-being of the home care staff, says Piippo. The results of the project will be published in 2020. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2019 Aiming for Sustainable Home Care Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Bachelor's Application Breadcrumb Main menu Contact us When and how to apply Bachelor application periods Ongoing applications Upcoming applications Closed applications Got questions about the application? Contact Admissions Services by email.Arcada Admissions is not available to answer phone calls during the summer. The phone hours will continue on 5 August. In the meantime you can reach us by e-mail, but due to summer holidays you can expect longer response times.You can also check out our FAQ, where the most frequently asked questions are answered. Are you applying to a bachelor's degree programme at Arcada? Here you will find all the information you need. All applications to Arcada are submitted online via the Finnish national application portal Studyinfo . All required documents are to be uploaded and submitted with the application. Detailed information regarding the application process and eligibility criteria for each programme can be found using the quick links on this page. Direct links to the application forms will be available during the application periods. NB! Application fees have been introduced for new applications starting 1 January 2025. Application fees are introduced for applicants coming from countries outside of the EU/EEA. The application periods to Arcada's bachelor's degree programmes in English are listed below. No ongoing applications at the moment. Additional application for studies starting in August 2025: 24 July–4 August 2025. Learn more on our Additional application pages. Application to online path autumn 2025: 24 July–4 August 2025 Arcada's separate application 29 August–5 September 2025 Arcada's separate application 13–19 February 2025 Arcada's separate application 10–18 March 2025 Arcada's separate Certificate-based application 27 March–23 April 2025. Arcada's separate application 20 November 2024–21 May 2025 No application fee! Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Bachelor's Application Apply through online path Apply to International Business, Information Technology or Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering Apply through Certificate-based admission Apply to Nursing TopUp Apply to Nordic Tourism and the Experience Industry TopUp Tuition fees and scholarships Accepting your study place Information Technology, 10 places International Business, 20 places Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering, 15 places Nursing TopUp, 10 places International Business, 50 places Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering, 30 places Nursing TopUp Nordic Tourism and the Experience Industry, TopUp, 36 places Nordic Tourism and the Experience Industry, FastTrack, 36 places Nursing TopUp International Business, 20 places Information Technology, 20 places Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering, 20 places International Business, 60 places Information Technology, 40 places Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering, 30 places Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Master's Application Breadcrumb Main menu Contact us When and how to apply Master application periods Ongoing applications Upcoming applications Closed applications Got questions about the application? Contact Admissions Services by email.Arcada Admissions is not available to answer phone calls during the summer. The phone hours will continue on 5 August. In the meantime you can reach us by e-mail, but due to summer holidays you can expect longer response times.You can also check out our FAQ, where the most frequently asked questions are answered. Are you taking the next step in your career and applying to a master's degree programme at Arcada? Find out more here. All applications to Arcada are submitted online via the Finnish national application portal Studyinfo . All required documents are to be uploaded and submitted with the application. Detailed information regarding the application process and eligibility criteria for each programme can be found using the quick links on this page. Direct links to the application forms will be available during the application periods. NB! Application fees have been introduced for new applications starting 1 January 2025. Application fees are introduced for applicants coming from countries outside of the EU/EEA. The application periods to Arcada's master's degree programmes in English are listed below. No ongoing applications at the moment. Additional application for studies starting in August 2025: 24 July–4 August 2025. Learn more on our Additional application pages. Spring joint application 2025 (8–22 January 2025) Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Master's Application Apply to Business Management and Transformation Apply to Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership Apply to Healthcare Leadership Apply to Machine Intelligence and Data Science Apply to Media Management Tuition fees and early bird offer Accepting your study place Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership Health Care Leadership, part-time and full-time Business Management and Transformation (former International Business Management), part-time and full-time, 30 study places Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership, online, full-time, 25 study places Healthcare Leadership, part-time and full-time, 25 study places Machine Intelligence and Data Science (former Big Data Analytics), full-time, 20 study places Media Management, full-time, 15 study places Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Collaborate with us Breadcrumb Partnership program Recruit a student Strategic Partnerships International collaboration Co-operation with agents Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub Practical training We are constantly looking for new ways to collaborate with different actors in society. Today, Arcada runs dozens of collaborative projects with organizations, businesses and municipalities. We aim to promote sustainability, there is an effort to promote sustainability and the surrounding society in all our collaboration - be it research and innovation or a degree project or an internship one of our students completes. An important part of our mission is to drive development in society. We are ready to take on the challenge! The purpose of our partnership program is to create long-term collaborations between working life and our degree programmes. To our partners we offer the opportunity to improve employer branding, build networks, connect with our students as well as visibility in our channels. Let one of our students do the job for you and get a fresh point of view. Our students have the latest research-based knowledge and they are ready to take on new challenges, contributing with completely new perspectives. Our international degree students can provide insight into a completely different culture. Arcada enters into strategic partnerships with selected universities in the Nordic region and organisations in the community to promote the creation of joint education programmes and research projects. Arcada builds Nordic cooperation for global relevance. The international dimension runs like a common thread through all operations. In order to strengthen and diversify our international student recruitment, Arcada co-operates with a number of student recruitments agencies located in different parts of the world. You have an idea - we have the tools to bring it to life! Arcada Entrepreneurship Hub helps you identify and realise the next step on your entrepreneurial journey. Practical training is what makes a university of applied sciences (UAS) degree unique. At Arcada, all bachelor programmes have practical training periods as an integrated part of the degree. Everyone who studies with us gets a direct connection to their own industry and puts theory into practice by going out into working life already during their studies. The practical training allows students to apply their knowledge and skills while building networks and contacts. In the best case scenario, the practical training period opens up opportunities for employment and collaboration at a later stage of their studies when they complete their degree project. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Collaborate with us Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Entrepreneurship and Soft Skills for the Future Breadcrumb Highlights 2019 Transdisciplinarity creates added value Soft skills as an asset Curious about what happened at Arcada during the year? Check out our highlights. What does today’s student need to learn to be successful in tomorrow’s labour market? In 2019 Arcada took a giant step forward when the two projects Work-integrated Pedagogy in Higher Education (WORKPEDA) and Arcada Coaching Clinic (ACC) were initiated. Both projects have spread the entrepreneurial mindset throughout all departments at Arcada. WORKPEDA is a three-year national project financed by the Ministry for Education and Culture. Among Arcada’s responsibilities is teaching future working-life competencies that students will need in a global labour market. The focus is on developing an entrepreneurial mindset. – All universities in the project are responsible for their separate areas, but they’re all heading in the same direction. At Arcada all departments are involved. We have to help bring universities and working-life experience closer together; both European and national goals support this. Universities must contribute to public welfare and to a sustainable future, says Camilla Wikström-Grotell, responsible for the project and Director of Academic Partnerships. In the WORKPEDA context Arcada hosted the NORDYRK Conference in June 2019. – NORDYRK is a research conference for people working with research and development in vocational education and training. The conference, with the theme “Learning and working life competencies in a future perspective – challenges in professional education”, was a success, with over 150 participants from all the Nordic countries, says Wikström-Grandell. To strengthen the entrepreneurial mindset at Arcada, students should be given opportunities to gain credits in other ways besides traditional courses. In 2019 a 30-credit module in working-life competence was developed within the framework of WORKPEDA: My Future Work Life. The pilot project started in the autumn of 2019. – This module covers a complete academic year and works with the competencies students need in working-life contexts, both as entrepreneurs and intrapreneurs in a business or an organisation. Our aim is to help our students to be as well-equipped as possible for working life” says Mervi Hernberg, Entrepreneurship Coach at Arcada. – The entire module was created from a co-creation concept, and since our work has been interdisciplinary we’ve managed to create new teacher teams. This has an added-value aspect: the simulation facilities used in the department for Health and Welfare and Nursing have been used by one of our teacher teams for creating new simulation exercises relating to job interviews, body language and communication. These new methods have been greatly appreciated by the participants, Hernberg continues. The Arcada Coaching Clinic (ACC) is another project focusing on preparing students for future working-life skills. This project is financed by the Lindstedt Foundation and has worked in close cooperation with WORKPEDA in order to boost the entrepreneurial mindset and develop concrete activities at Arcada. Christa Tigerstedt, Head Teacher in Economics and ACC-coach, has been in charge of the pedagogical part of the ACC project, i.e. the course Creating Work-life Skills in an Entrepreneurial Environment. Before the course was launched in January 2019 Tigerstedt worked hard at identifying the key components in working life of the future. – We have studied tens of international reports. Some of the competencies we’ve identified have been soft skill-competencies such as learning, curiosity, communication and working independently. A group of students participating in the Arcada Coaching Clinic. The idea is to identify those competencies relevant to a rapidly changing world and to create opportunities for all students at Arcada to learn these skills. And here the competency to learn is as important as an entrepreneurial frame of mind. – Learning competency is all about seeing “learning” as not being tied to a specific course, ending when you’ve graduated. We want to strengthen our students’ capacity to keep on learning in their future undertakings as well, says Tigerstedt. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2019 Entrepreneurship and Soft Skills Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu How to apply Breadcrumb Contact us Bachelor's Application Master's Application Additional application 2025 Transfers Destination Finland FAQ - Admissions Got questions about the application? Contact Admissions Services by email.Arcada Admissions is not available to answer phone calls during the summer. The phone hours will continue on 5 August. In the meantime you can reach us by e-mail, but due to summer holidays you can expect longer response times.You can also check out our FAQ, where the most frequently asked questions are answered. Are you interested in studying at Arcada? Then it is time to take a closer look at the application and admission procedures. Here you will find everything you need to know about how to apply to our bachelor’s and master’s degree programmes. Just click on the box that is of relevance to you, and we will guide you through the process step by step. You will also find information about transferring your study right and Finland as a study destination. If you have a question, our most frequently asked questions (FAQ) page may come in handy for you. Are you applying to a bachelor's degree programme at Arcada? Here you will find all the information you need. Are you taking the next step in your career and applying to a master's degree programme at Arcada? Find out more here. On these pages you can find information on how to apply to degree programmes starting in autumn 2025. A transfer student is a student who transfers their right to study in a bachelor degree programme from another Finnish university of applied sciences (UAS) or university to Arcada. Are you looking for information on residence permits, visas, accommodation and/or information on Finland as a study destination? Find out more about these topics and other practical matters here. Here you will find the most frequently asked questions about application and admission. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Continuing Education Tailored Courses: Continuing Education Resilience, Green Transition And Digitalization of SMEs Read more Breadcrumb Events and Venues Labs and testing Library and Information Services Services Main menu Contact us Maria Jurvelius Integration Support and Services Sports Performance Testing Recruit a student Arrange your event at Arcada! We offer versatile facilities and all-round services for any event - big or small. We have different types of spaces ranging from auditoriums, classrooms to cabinets and meeting rooms. All rooms are equipped with modern technology. Do you need to test a new product or carry out a simulation for educational purposes? Or do you want to increase your personal performance and want to know your maximum oxygen uptake capacity? At Arcada you will find versatile lab and test services! Do you need support with information retrevial, an oasis for creative thinking or access to the latest publications in your field? Arcada's library, our collections and services are open to everyone and we are happy to help you find your way in the information jungle! Arcada has a wide range of services for both companies and organisations, but also for you as an individual. Do you want to take the next step in your career or find training opportunities for your staff? Or, are you hosting an event or perhaps have moved to Finland and looking for opportunities in Swedish? As a multi-disciplinary university of applied sciences, we offer many different types of services. Are services include In addition, our students can support your operations through for example Key Account Manager E-mail: maria.jurvelius@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 746 Arcada develops services for those who want to integrate with Swedish as their first language. Arcada's SIMHE status gives us the opportunity to support you along the way. The services will be developed during the years 2021 - 2024. Initially we offer guidance and counselling services for identifying appropriate educational and career paths. Arcada offers advanced sports performance testing at the test laboratory situated in Helsinki. The testing is supervised by fitness testing specialists. We offer a comprehensive range of tests, including endurance assessments on treadmills or bicycle ergometer and body composition analysis using InBody technology. Let one of our students do the job for you and get a fresh point of view. Our students have the latest research-based knowledge and they are ready to take on new challenges, contributing with completely new perspectives. Our international degree students can provide insight into a completely different culture. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Services ANCHOR - Anchoring Career Support in Working Life Career Centre Green transition - REACT project Lab and Testing Services Continuing Education Library Events and Venues Support for integration Tailor-made continuing education services Research collaboration Lab and testing services Guidance and career support Event services Sales and marketing measures Product development and testing Market research and creation of commercialisation plans Development of digital services Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Recruit a Student Breadcrumb Quick links JobPortal Are you looking for an intern, do you want to offer an assignment for a degree project or hire one of our students? Do you want to discuss opportunities for collaboration? Maria Jurvelius Would you like to recruit a student part-time, for an internship or as a summer assistant? Advertise your job openings and opportunities on JobPortal! Let one of our students do the job for you and get a fresh point of view. Our students have the latest research-based knowledge and they are ready to take on new challenges, contributing with completely new perspectives. Our international degree students can provide insight into a completely different culture. The students can participate in developing your organization by doing their degree project for you or e.g. through an internship. Different types of collaborations or assignments within the framework of courses are also possible. Arcada's students are used to working both interdisciplinary and in international teams. We have students in the following areas: Arcada Job Portal is our new digital career platform for students. Register your company here to create a profile for your organisation and publish recruitment ads that reach our students. If you are a private person recruiting, or only recruiting sporadically, you can create a recruiter account . You can add a Finnish and a Swedish version of your profile, as well as publish job ads in all three languages. For questions about registering a profile, please contact jobportal@arcada.fi. Arcada's previous career portal Job Board has been discontinued. We are happy to help. Key Account Manager E-mail: maria.jurvelius@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 746 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Collaborate with us Recruit a student Are you looking for an intern, do you want to offer an assignment for a degree project or hire one of our students? Do you want to discuss opportunities for collaboration? Film and media Business Administration Health and welfare Technology and IT Healthcare Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Course Calendar Breadcrumb Non-Stop Course: Climate change and nursing Social and healthcare Last application date Introduction to Python for Data Science Technology Last application date Läkemedelsbehandlingens grunder Social and healthcare Last application date Samordnare för arbetsförmåga Social and healthcare Last application date Swedish for Beginners 1 Business / Sports / Culture and media / Social and healthcare / Technology Last application date Swedish for Beginners 3 Business / Sports / Culture and media / Social and healthcare / Technology Last application date Småbarnspedagogisk verksamhet Social and healthcare Last application date Inledande ingenjörsmatematik Technology Last application date AI for Business Business Last application date Arbetshandledarutbildning 2025-2027 Social and healthcare Last application date Krävande vård del 1 Social and healthcare Last application date Krävande vård del 2 Social and healthcare Last application date Vaativa Ensihoitotyö ja Tilannejohtaminen (15 op) Social and healthcare Last application date Data-driven Financial Management Business Last application date Digital and Sustainable Business Development Business Last application date Swedish for Beginners 2 Business / Sports / Culture and media / Social and healthcare / Technology Last application date Swedish for Beginners 4 Business / Sports / Culture and media / Social and healthcare / Technology Last application date EuSim simulaatio-ohjaajan jatkokurssi Social and healthcare Last application date Leadership Business Last application date Digital Marketing Strategy Business Last application date EuSim simulaatio-ohjaajan peruskurssi (marraskuu 2025) Social and healthcare Last application date Non-Stop Course: Exploring well-being: an introduction to the salutogenic perspective Social and healthcare / Business / Sports / Culture and media / Technology Last application date Game Design and Production Culture and media Last application date Non-Stop Course: Compassion at Work Culture and media / Business / Sports / Social and healthcare / Technology Last application date EuSim simulaatio-ohjaajan peruskurssi (helmikuu 2026) Social and healthcare Last application date Visual Media Design and Production Culture and media Last application date EuSim simulaatio-ohjaajan kertauskurssi Social and healthcare Last application date EuSim simulaatio-ohjaajan peruskurssi (huhtikuu 2026) Social and healthcare Last application date Non-stop course: eHealth Social and healthcare Last application date In our course calendar you can filter courses according to your preferences. Filter according to type of course, field or language. If you don't choose to filter, you will be presented with all of our current courses. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Transfers Breadcrumb Quick links Places offered in 2025 Requirements Application Admissions criteria Application and Tuition fee NB! A transfer student is a student who transfers their right to study in a bachelor degree programme from another Finnish university of applied sciences (UAS) or university to Arcada. It is not possible to apply for transfer from a university/university of applied sciences outside of Finland (such applicants must apply through the regular application). Arcada accepts transfer applications only in the spring. The next application was open 30 April–15 May 2025, until 3 p.m. Information on transfer to the Swedish programmes is available on our Swedish website. There will be no transfer application to the Information Technology programme since it is a new programme, and will only offer first year courses in 2025. You may apply for a transfer of your right to study to Arcada if you: NB! If you are participating in a commissioned education (education that is commissioned and paid for by a third party) you may not apply for a transfer. The application was made through Studyinfo between 30 April-15 May 2025. Apply through Studyinfo through the links below: International Business Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering Make sure that you select the transfer application option. The application forms opens on 30 April 2025 at 9 am and the application is to be submitted by 15 May 2025. Attachments must be submitted by 19 May 2025, closing time for both dates is 3 p.m.Please note that there is an application fee. See more info below. You are to submit the following supplements: Please name your documents clearly, for example "Surname First name transcript" or "Surname First name high school diploma". Transfer can be granted only if there are vacant places in the student group (year 2, year 3 etc.) that you would join. Please note that the year at Arcada might differ from the year at your own university because of differences in the curricula. If there are more eligible applicants than available places in the different student groups of the Degree Programme the applicants will be ranked based on: Applicants may be admitted from the waiting list in ranking order, if places become available. Starting from 1 Jan 2025, applicants who are not citizens of the EU, EEA or Switzerland are required to pay an application fee of 100 € in order to apply to higher education studies, and this applies also to the application for transfer. See more on the application fee here The tuition fee for transfer students is determined by the start date of their new study right at Arcada UAS. This means that even if you were exempt from tuition fees at your previous school, you may be required to pay tuition fees at your new school. You can read more here about who needs to pay tuition fees. The tuition fee for the first year at Arcada must be paid in full, in one instalment. Scholarships are only available for bachelor's level studies after having studied for a full academic year at Arcada. Applicants admitted through transfer are given an early bird offer on the tuition fee. Thus, if transfer study place is accepted within 14 days, applicant can make use of a 2000€ deduction on the tuition fee.More information regarding the tuition fees for bachelor's level studies at Arcada can be found here. The degree programmes may have compulsory courses in Swedish. If you at your current UAS/university have studied compulsory Finnish, you may still be expected to also study Swedish at Arcada. If you are admitted, you may not register as absent for the first term at Arcada. Be prepared that your studies may take longer if you transfer. Because of differences in the curricula all studies might not be accredited towards your degree at Arcada. Also, it may be hard to draw up an individual study plan that contains 30 cr/term (the normal workload). Please note that transferring does not automatically entitle you extended right to study if you fail to graduate within the prescribed time frame. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Transfers Places offered in 2025 Requirements Application Admissions criteria Application and Tuition fee NB! International Business:, 10 places for applicants with minimum 50 cr; 10 places for applicants with minimum 100 cr Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering, 15 places Have a valid right to study at a UAS or university in Finland in a degree programme in English, or where the main language of tuition is English Are studying at a bachelor-level degree programme that corresponds to the bachelor-level degree programme at Arcada you want to transfer to. NB! This means that it is not possible to apply for transfer between Arcada's own bachelor-level programmes as they do not correspond to each other. Have been registered as present at your current institution for at least two semesters (one year) by the time the transfer takes place. Have achieved at least 25 credits (relevant to the degree) per academic semester and thereby shown such progress that makes it possible for you to graduate within the prescribed study time. Ongoing courses in the current degree which you will complete by 31.7.2025 will be considered. Have a weighted mean grade of minimum 2,5/ 5 at the time of application A study certificate showing that you have a valid right to study, when your studies started and possible periods of absence. An official transcript of records. A list of any courses still missing from the transcript of records (courses you are currently taking but which are not yet registered on your transcript of records). The list does not have to signed by your UAS/university. Course descriptions of the courses included on your transcript of records and list of unfinished courses. Copies of your senior secondary/high school certificates. Passport/ID card, or attachments proving possible exemption from application and/or tuition fee (e.g. residence permit card). The weighted mean grade on the transcript of records at the time of application, and The total number of credits on the transcript of record at the time of application. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Destination Finland Breadcrumb Quick links Practical information about studies at Arcada Residence permits and visas Income requirements Registration in the Finnish population system Insurance, healthcare and well-being In Finland At Arcada Accommodation Bank account Student discounts Telephone and internet Getting a telephone/mobile internet subscription Getting an internet connection Working during full-time studies Living in Finland and Helsinki Finland Helsinki Are you looking for information on residence permits, visas, accommodation and/or information on Finland as a study destination? Find out more about these topics and other practical matters here. Interested in studying in Finland? We hope to see you here at Arcada in the future! There are a range of practical matters to tend to if you're planing on moving to Finland. This page contains a lot of information that might interest you in advance, especially if you are coming from abroad. Please use the quick links on this page to navigate smoothly between the different sections. Once you've been accepted to study at Arcada we encourage you to check out Arcada's online study guide Start for more information on practical matters regarding your studies at Arcada. To get the best possible start of your studies it's important that you participate in the Introduction Days in August . You will receive more information about them by email during the summer. Information concerning residence permits and visas, who needs them and how to get them can be found at studyinfinland.fi . Note that applying for a residence permit can be a slow process. If you require a Finnish residence permit, you should start preparing your application immediately after receiving your acceptance letter in order to ensure that you'll be able to come to Finland before the start of your studies. Please read more about the residence permit application process here. Questions regarding residence permits should always be addressed to the Finnish Immigration Service – Migri . If you are an international student who need a student residence permit to enter Finland, please note that you will need to prove that you have sufficient funds to support yourself while living here. Finnish immigration services require a minimum sum for entering the country to support yourself the first year. Find out more about Finnish Immigration Service's income requirements for students here. Currently (November 2024) the requirement is that you must have 9 600 euros in your bank account when you submit the application. This is meant to be the minimum amount of money needed to cover living expenses (accommodation, food, transport etc.) for one year. Note however that Finland is an expensive country and this amount may not be enough to cover your actual expenses. Please also note that bringing your funds to Finland in then form of bank drafts, cashier's cheques or similar is not advisable. Even if you do manage to find a bank that's willing to take your cheque, it will be a slow and expensive process to cash it. All students staying in Finland for a longer period need to register in the Finnish population system (DVV) upon arrival. If you don't have a personal identity code (social security number) yet you will receive one after you've registered with DVV. Having a personal identity code is essential for things like opening a bank account or a phone/internet subscription, therefore you should register as soon as possible after having arrived in Finland. Please note that you need to have an address in Finland to register. Please read more about the registration and Finnish municipality of residence . EU/Swiss citizens: Note that you need to register your right to be in Finland with Migri before you register with DVV. This doesn't apply to Nordic citizens. Read more about EU citizens' right of residence . The need for insurance and the access to health and medical care depends on your nationality and residence status. Private health insurance is mandatory for non-EU/EEA nationalities applying for a student residence permit in Finland. For EU/EEA nationalities, health insurance is not mandatory. Make sure you bring your blue European Health Insurance Card, it will give you access health care at the same cost and under the same conditions as people living permanently in Finland. Please read more about insurance and healthcare for students in Finland. All students at Arcada are insured against accidents during practical lessons and training. For all other situations (e.g. theory lessons and travelling to and from Arcada) you will need to have your own accident insurance if you want to be insured. All degree students in higher education in Finland, including Arcada's students, are entitled to use the services of the Finnish Student Health Service (FSHS). Students who are entitled to use the services of FSHS must pay a healthcare fee to Kela. The fee is compulsory for all degree student enrolled at a university in Finland, i.e. you must pay the fee even if you are not in Finland. The fee is 36.80 euros per semester (2023). Additional information about student healthcare can be found at the Kela website and FSHS website . In addition, Arcada offers easy access counselling. If you need help with your studies you can turn to our counselling team . If you are worried about your mental health you can contact our psychologist, study social worker, or student priest . Student accommodation in Finland, and especially Helsinki, is in very high demand. We therefore recommend that you apply for an apartment as soon as you have been admitted as a student at Arcada. On our campus, you will find more than 600 student apartments, and as an Arcada student you are welcome to apply for long-term on-campus student accommodation at Majstranden . Note that you will be required to take out a home insurance if you don't already have one. The application is ongoing, but please note that there is a waiting list for the apartments. HOAS – the Foundation for student housing in the Helsinki region has over 10 000 student apartments in the Helsinki region. As a student at Arcada you can also apply for housing from HOAS . You can also check other options for accommodation in Helsinki. You will need a bank account in order to handle your finances in Finland but also because online banking credentials are used as identification for most online services in Finland. Your life will be considerably easier when you have online banking credentials, therefore it's important to open a bank account as soon as possible after coming to Finland. We recommend that you compare the services and prices of different banks to find the most advantageous option for you. Note that only the three major banks Danske , Nordea and OP have full service in English. When you have decided on a bank, call their customer service to set up an appointment to open an account. Make sure you ask what documentation you need to bring. As a minimum you need to have registered with DVV first, but many banks also ask you to get an ID card from the police . Student card: Arcada does not provide students with a student card but by joining the Arcada student union ASK you can get a student card app that entitles you to many different discounts. Even if you choose not to become a member of Arcada's Student Union ASK you still have the right to receive a student discount on public transportation in the Helsinki region (HSL) and subsidised meals served at student restaurants. Meal subsidy card: With the Kela Meal Subsidy Card, you are entitled to discounted student cafeteria meals. Get your card from Student Affairs . (Note, if you have a student card you can use that to get your discounted lunch instead of the Meal Subsidy Card.) Public transport: As a full-time student living in Helsinki you have the right to a 40 % discount on HSL's monthly tickets . You can get the discount in the HSL app but for this to work you will need to have a Finnish identity number as well as Finnish online identification credentials (e.g. a Finnish online banking log-in). If you do not have this you get a form from Student Affairs that entitles you to get the discount on the HSL travel card instead. To get a student discount on long-distance public transport such as VR Trains and Matkahoulto buses . you will need to have a student card app like the one you can get by becoming a member of ASK. There are also other options such as the Frank app which is free but requires online banking identification credentials for activation. When you buy a telephone subscription in Finland , you get a Finnish phone number and most telephone subscriptions also include unlimited use of mobile internet. Many companies sell telephone subscriptions. When you take out a telephone subscription, you must have a Finnish personal identity code and an address in Finland. Normally, you must also provide information on your payment behaviour, in other words, that you have paid your bills and that you do not have a payment default entry recorded in your credit history. Otherwise, you need to make an advance payment for the subscription. Alternatively, you can buy a pre-paid SIM card. They are generally more expensive than a subscription, but you don't need a Finnish personal identity code or an address in Finland to get one. Pre-paid SIM card generally also give you the option of including internet for about 1€ per day. You can get a physical pre-paid SIM card at any convenience store (R-kioski). Pre-paid electronic eSIM subscriptions can be bought online directly from the phone companies. In Finland many matters can be dealt with over the internet. You can often attend to your matters with authorities or businesses via their websites. It is worthwhile getting an internet connection as soon as possible after moving to Finland. You can acquire an internet connection in your home by making a contract with an internet service provider. It pays to compare prices before making a contract. There are various internet service providers in Finland. You can find such companies by searching online, for example by typing “nettiliittymä” in the search engine’s search field. Internet connection prices vary a lot. In student housing an internet connection is often included in the rent, though it may be your own responsibility to get a wireless router or network cable to be able to use the internet connection. You can also use the internet for free in public libraries if you have a library card. You can get a library card free of charge. More information about libraries can be found on InfoFinland . Many cafes also offer WiFi for their customers. If you're in Finland on a student visa you are allowed to work part-time during your studies . You are allowed to work up to 30 hours a week on average (i.e. you can work more some weeks and less other weeks as long as the average is 30 h/week or less) but please take into account that we expect you to attend classes and study full-time if you are in a full-time degree programme. Finland has a lot to offer international students: renowned high-quality education, general safety and a clean nature. Through the links below you will find more detailed information about Finland. To learn more read the Newcomer's Guide (pdf) and visit thisisfinland.fi , visitfinland.com and infofinland.fi . Arcada is situated in Helsinki, the capital of Finland. It is the largest city in a rather small country and is therefore both big enough to offer everything you might need, yet small enough to be accessible and feel welcoming. It is safe, has excellent public transportation and a full range of services, education and healthcare as well as culinary, leisure and social activities. Click on the links below to find out more. Find out more about Helsinki at hel.fi , and myhelsinki.fi . Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Destination Finland Practical information about studies at Arcada Residence permits and visas Registration in the Finnish population system Insurance, healthcare and well-being Accommodation Bank account Student discounts Telephone and internet Working during full-time studies Living in Finland and Helsinki High quality education The Finnish education system University vs University of Applied Sciences (UAS) Safety Basic information about Finland Finnish society Climate Nature Finnish customs and manners Finnish cuisine Finland is bilingual in Finnish and Swedish Useful Finnish phrases Practical information News in English International House Helsinki (official regional service for newcomers) Integration Integration in Swedish Life in Helsinki (in 12 languages) Public transport Student accommodation Cost of living Culture and leisure Shopping News in English Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Apply to International Business, Information Technology or Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering Breadcrumb Main menu Application step by step Eligibility English language requirements SAT test or OMPT test? Apply through Studyinfo Submit supporting documents Invitation to interview Keep an eye on your email Accept your study place On this page you will find important information on how to apply to the bachelor's degree programmes International Business, Information Technology and Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering. The application for studies beginning in autumn 2025 is now open from 20 November 2024 at 9 AM (UTC+2) to 21 May 2025 at 3 PM (UTC+3). Note that the application may close earlier in case all study places have been filled.To apply to Arcada, you will need the following: Please click on the subpage links to find more detailed information on each criteria as well as on the application process, or take a look at the Application Step by Step for an overview. The list below is our application process for International Business (IB), Information Technology (IT) and Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering (MSE) programmes in a nutshell. It gives you an overview of how to apply. This application is held as a continuous, separate application. The application is made through Studyinfo. There are 60 study places for the IB programme, 40 study places for the IT programme and 30 study places for the MSE programme. Check that you are eligible to apply to International Business, Information Technology and/or Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering. Make sure that you meet our English language requirements, and sign up for a language test in time. Decide whether you will apply based on a) the SAT test or b) OMPT test. Register for and take either test as soon as possible. Wait for your result. The applicants will also be required to participate in and pass an interview as part of the selection process. WHEN you have received your SAT or OMPT test result apply to the bachelor’s degree programme(s) of your choice through Studyinfo at any time during the application period. Fill in the form yourself, using your own contact information. You can use the direct links below to get to the application form (active when application is open): NB! As this is a continuous application, it may close earlier than the previously announced closing date, if all study places have already been filled. Attach your SAT or OMPT result copies to your application. Note that you can not submit your application if either of these test results are missing. (Except for if you are applying with the May 2025 SAT test. In this case you should upload proof of the test appointment.)You should also upload scanned copies of your degree certificates as well as language certificates either at the time of application or by the set deadline at the latest. We do recommend that you have all your documents ready when you start filling out the form so that you give your information correctly. If you choose to submit your document at a later date, take note of the deadline so that you do not miss it. All applicants who have an accepted SAT or OMPT test score will be invited to an online interview. Please note that invitations to interviews are sent out at set dates.Wait for the invitation. Prepare for the online interview by making sure you have an available private space and equipment. Applicants must pass the interview to be considered for admission. Wait for the result of your application. All applicants will receive a notification of result by e-mail.Arcada Admissions Services will contact you in case there are questions about your application or documents, so please make sure that you check your inbox and spam folder regularly. Accept possible study place offer.Pay possible tuition fees if you are required to do so. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Bachelor's Application Apply to International Business, Information Technology or Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering Eligibility English language requirements Admission through SAT test Admission through OMPT test Interview Supporting documents Separate application Educational background: An educational certificate/diploma that gives you eligibility for higher education studies in the country in which it was completed Selection method: A SAT or OMPT test score that meets Arcada's requirements. Language criteria: An English language certificate or other accepted proof of English language skills. International Business Information Technology Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Apply to Nursing TopUp Breadcrumb Main menu Quick links Tuition fees for the Nursing TopUp programme Supporting documents for Nursing TopUp On this page you will find important information on how to apply to the Nursing TopUp programme. The Nursing TopUp programme is aimed at an applicant who has: Arcada will open a biannual intake to the Nursing TopUp programme, one in autumn and one in spring: Application is made through Studyinfo . You can access the programme site on Studyinfo and also move on to the application form by clicking on the link. Detailed information on requirements regarding previous education, Finnish and English language skills and work experience is outlined separately for each intake so please select the correct option. Student selection through pre-admission course and interview or entrance exam In both the spring and autumn intake students are admitted through The pre-admission course, aimed mainly at applicants residing outside of Finland is to be completed prior to application. The entrance exam on campus Arcada, in Helsinki, is mainly for applicants already residing in Finland.See details and timetable for each separate intake. The tuition fee for this programme is 10,000 / 12,000 € depending on applicant's educational background. Please note that there are no scholarships. Information on tuition fees is available here. Please note that as of 1 January 2025, application fees will be charged of non EU/EEA applicants when filling in the application form. More information on application fees is available on the Studyinfo website Below you will find a list of required attachments to the application. Here you will find a detailed list on the required documents for the Nursing TopUp autumn and spring intake Translation to Swedish, Finnish or English All educational certificates in languages other than Swedish, Finnish or English must be translated. All certificates in other languages have to be translated into one of these languages by an officially certified translator. A copy of the original document (in original language) shall also be submitted. The translation shall bear the stamp and signature of the translator.Original certificates You may need to submit your original certificates for verification by the start of your studies. Any false information regarding qualifications will make you disqualified for admission. How to submit documents When you fill in the application form, you are at the same time requested to upload application documents that are needed for the processing of your application. Note that some documents are mandatory attachments to the application, thus application can not be submitted if the mandatory document is not attached to application. If you wish to upload your documents at a later time, you can do that through the link found in the application confirmation e-mail you received when you applied. The deadline is specified for each attachment in the application form. Please include both the final diploma as well as all academic transcripts of your previous education (bachelor, diploma or similar) Ensure that they show all courses included in the degree, and if possible include also registration certificates (right to work as a nurse/midwife etc) If your final diploma and/or transcript records are not issued in Finnish, Swedish or English, you will also need translations into one of these languages. All certificates in other languages have to be translated into one of these languages by an officially certified translator. A copy of the original document (in original language) shall also be submitted. The translation shall bear the stamp and signature of the translator. Include all relevant certificates of possible previous work experience. Work experience should be from the health care field, but does not necessarily need to be from nursing. Please include work certificates only, as work contracts signed at the beginning of the employment usually do not in fact prove the duration of employment. You can also add a CV but note that this is not accepted as valid work certificate on its own.Ensure that the certificates include name of employee, employer, possible task and time of employment and that the certificate is dated for when it was signed.If the certificates are not issued in Finnish, Swedish or English, they must also be translated by an official translator. Prove your English proficiency by attaching one of the accepted certificates as listed under each intake. Ensure that you have enabled Arcada to verify your score from the respective language test provider. Prove your Finnish proficience by attaching one of the accepted certificates as listed under each intake. Ensure that you have enabled Arcada to verify your score from the respective language test provider. If you have completed the pre-admission course, you must attach a certificate of completed course. Decisions to grant asylum or residence permits issued on the basis of a need for protection of refugees or applicants in a refugee-like situation should be submitted as soon as possible. In addition to the application documents, you should submit a copy of passport or residence permit document proving exemption from tuition fees:• Passport ID page or ID card of EU/EEA/Switzerland which states citizenship• Passport ID page (all other citizenships)• Residence permit card, both sides; Type A (granted for other reasons than studies), Type P or type P-EU• EU Family Member's Residence Card in Finland All applicants are required to submit valid proof of identification. • Passport• National Id card issued in an EU/EEA-country• Finnish Id card Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Bachelor's Application Apply to Nursing TopUp Nursing TopUp Autumn intake Nursing TopUp Spring intake Tuition fees for the Nursing TopUp programme Supporting documents for Nursing TopUp a degree in Nursing completed outside of Finland; Bachelor of Nursing; Diploma of Nursing; GNM (General Nursing & Midwifery); PCL (Proficiency Certificate Level); or Technical level Nursing studies of a minimum 3 years work experience within the field (recommended but not required as of spring 2025) Finnish language skills English language skills Autumn intake, studies beginning in spring 2026.Application will be open 29 August -5 September 2025. See here for more details. Spring intake, studies beginning in autumn 2025: Second intake announced Application will open 24 July - 4 August 2025. pre-admission course + interview entrance exam on campus Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Tuition fees and scholarships Breadcrumb Quick links Who is required to pay? Application fees Tuition fees (studies starting in 2025) Scholarships and discounts (studies starting in 2025) Scholarships Early-bird discount OMPT reduction on first year's tuition fees (studies starting in 2025) Payment of tuition fees Tuition fees (studies that started in 2024 or earlier) On this page you will find information regarding application fees, tuition fees, scholarships and early-bird offer for bachelor-level studies at Arcada. All higher education institutions in Finland charge tuition fees for degrees taught in English. The fee applies to applicants from countries outside the EU/EEA. There are, however, exemptions that can free a non-EU/EEA citizen from paying the fee. For example, the fee is not charged from those who are equated with EU area citizens, those who have an EU blue card or a residence permit type P or type A (restrictions apply). Please note that even if the status of your residence permit would change from a residence permit granted for studying to another type of residence permit, you are still obligated to pay tuition fees. If you are unsure as to whether you need to pay or not, please see the guide on Studyinfo . There will be application fees for new applications starting 1 January 2025. This means that those applying to our bachelor's degree programmes during 20 November 2024–21 May 2025 is not affected this year, but all other applications for programmes taught in English will be subject to application fees from now on. The amount is €100 and needs to be paid by applicants from outside the EU, EEA or Switzerland in order to apply to higher education studies. Visit Studyinfo for more information on who needs to pay the application fee. If you have already paid the application fee in another application round, with studies starting in the same academic term, you do not need to pay the fee again. The tuition fees for studies starting in 2025 are as follows: The tuition fee may be subject to changes during a student's study time. Bachelor's degree students can apply for scholarships. Arcada also offers an early-bird discount and OMPT reduction on the tuition fee of the first year. Scholarships are awarded to bachelor's degree students who have studied at least one academic year at Arcada. Students who have completed an average of 55 ECTS per academic year with a grade point average of 4.5 during their studies at Arcada can, upon request, be granted a scholarship corresponding to 30 percent of the tuition fee for the upcoming academic year. A student in the Nordic Tourism TopUp or in the Nursing TopUp programme cannot apply for scholarships. The changes came into force on 1 January 2025 and affect students who start their studies in 2025. Students who have started their studies in 2024 or earlier are not affected by these changes. For more detailed information about Arcada's scholarships, please visit our student portal Start . Arcada also offers a scholarship to asylum seekers, refugees and persons who have applied for temporary protection in Finland and who would otherwise be liable to pay tuition fees. The scholarship covers the entire tuition fee for the first academic year without any requirements for academic performance. To be granted the scholarship, the fee-paying students must provide documentation of their status to Arcada's admissions service. Thereafter, to maintain the scholarship, students only need to show that their status has not changed for each new academic year. An admitted student can receive an early-bird discount of €2,000 on the tuition fees for the first academic year by bindingly accepting the study place offered by Arcada and paying the tuition fee within 14 days. Restrictions may apply. The early-bird discount does not apply to the Nordic Tourism TopUp or the Nursing TopUp programmes. Arcada provides a €230 deduction on the first year's tuition fees for students who are admitted based on the OMPT test + interview and accept their study place offer. This is to cover the costs associated with one test attempt. This deduction is applied automatically without any action needed from the student and is only applicable to tuition fee-paying students. The amount cannot be increased, regardless of how many attempts or tests the applicant has taken. This deduction is made on top of the early bird offer. The tuition fee for the first year of studies for students admitted based on the OMPT test and interview is thus €8,770 if the payment is made within the early-bird timeframe or €10,770 if the early bird criteria is not met. Admitted students who are required to pay tuition fees will receive information about the payment process in their acceptance email. Below is a short summary of the tuition fee payment process. When you are admitted to Arcada, you will receive a secure link through which you can accept your study place offer. You will also receive another email with instructions on how to pay the tuition fee and how to register for the academic year. Please note that you cannot register for the academic year or receive a study certificate until you have paid the tuition fee. Failure to pay tuition fees on time leads to a loss of study right. The tuition fee is paid online through Flywire . Flywire provides a secure global payment network that simplifies paying your fees from different countries around the world. Payment options can include bank transfers, credit cards, e-wallets and more, depending on your country of choice, and typically in the local currency. The first year's tuition fee is always paid in one instalment for the whole academic year. Please check the due date in the instructions on how to pay the tuition fee sent via e-mail. For more detailed information about Arcada's tuition fees, please visit our student portal Start . Information regarding the tuition fees for studies that started in 2017–2024 can be found on our student portal Start . Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Bachelor's Application Tuition fees and scholarships Who is required to pay? Application fees Tuition fees (studies starting in 2025) Scholarships and discounts (studies starting in 2025) Payment of tuition fees Tuition fees (studies that started in 2024 or earlier) Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Tuition fees and early bird offer Breadcrumb Quick links Who is required to pay? Application fees Tuition fees for students starting in 2025 Early-bird offer for students starting in 2025 Payment of tuition fees Scholarships Tuition fees for students that started in 2024 or earlier On this page you will find information on tuition fees for master's degree programmes at Arcada. All higher education institutions in Finland charge tuition fees for degrees taught in English. The fee applies to applicants from countries outside the EU/EEA. A person with a permanent Finnish residence permit or a long-term resident’s EU residence permit, a residence card for a family member of an EU citizen in Finland, a European Union Blue Card, or a continuous residence permit granted on grounds other than studies, are exempted from the fee. Also a person with a residence permit granted for temporary protection in Finland is exempted from the fee.A person may however be required to pay if the first residence permit in Finland was granted based on studies and the type of a person's residence permit has since changed to a continuous residence permit in Finland granted based on something else. Also if the residence permit is based on family ties and the family member originally came to Finland on a residence permit based on studies the applicant is required to pay tuition fee.If you are unsure whether you need to pay or not, please see the guide on Studyinfo . Similar to tuition fees, application fees are introduced for applicants coming from countries outside of the European Union/EEA in applications starting after 1st January 2025. The application fee of 100 € is to be paid once for studies beginning the same term and in connection with filling in the application form on Studyinfo. The fee is collected by the Finnish National Agency of Education. More information on the application fee is available on the Studyinfo website . A full-time master’s degree programme at Arcada costs €12,000 per academic year (€6,000 per semester). If a student studies part-time, the fee is half of this: €6,000 per academic year (€3,000 per semester). This applies to the programmes Business Management and Transformation and Healthcare Leadership. The tuition fee for the programme Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership is €9,000 per academic year. A student completing their degree faster than the norm time, will be liable to pay a tuition fee equal to that of a degree completed within norm time. Arcada also reserves the right to adjust tuition fees during studies. An admitted student can receive a discount of €2,000 on the tuition fees for the first academic year by bindingly accepting the study place offered by Arcada and paying the tuition fee within 14 days! In additional applications, the early bird offer may be shorter.The master's program in Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership has an Early bird offer of 20% of the first-year tuition fee which is to be blindingly paid within 21 days. Thus the tuition fee for the first year with early bird offer is €7,200. Admitted students who are required to pay tuition fees will receive information about the payment process in their acceptance e-mail but here is a short summary of the tuition fee payment process. When you are admitted to Arcada, you will receive a secure link through which you can accept your study place offer. You will also receive another e-mail with instructions on how to pay the tuition fee and how to register for the academic year. Please note that you cannot register for the academic year or receive a study certificate until you have paid the tuition fee. Failure to pay tuition fees on time leads to a loss of study right. The tuition fee is paid online through Flywire . Flywire provides a secure global payment network that simplifies paying your fees from different countries around the world. Payment options can include bank transfers, credit cards, e-wallets and more, depending on your country of choice, and typically in the local currency. The first year's tuition fee is always paid in one instalment for the whole academic year. Please check the due date in the instructions on how to pay the tuition fee sent via e-mail. For more detailed information about Arcada's tuition fees, please visit our student portal Start . Arcada does not grant scholarships for master’s students, but we do have an early bird offer (see more information above). One exception is made in the form of a scholarship offered to asylum seekers and refugees and who would otherwise be liable to pay tuition fees. This scholarship covers the entire tuition fee for the first academic year without any requirements for academic performance. To be granted the scholarship, the fee-paying students must provide documentation of their status to Arcada's admissions service. Thereafter, to maintain the scholarship, students only need to show that their status has not changed for each new academic year. Information regarding the tuition fees for studies that started in 2017-2024 can be found on our student portal Start . Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Master's Application Tuition fees and early bird offer Who is required to pay? Tuition fees for students starting in 2025 Early-bird offer for students starting in 2025 Payment of tuition fees Scholarships Tuition fees for students that started in 2024 or earlier Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Master's degree programmes Breadcrumb Business Management and Transformation Business Studies begin Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership Social and healthcare Studies begin Healthcare Leadership Social and healthcare Studies begin Machine Intelligence and Data Science (MIND) Technology Studies begin Media Management Culture and media Studies begin Arcada gives you many options to grow in your professional role, acquire sought-after skills, expand your professional network and take the next step in your career. Our flexible master's programmes, all of which can be combined with full-time work, are aimed at those who want to take on new challenges and in the future aim for leadership or development tasks. Do you want to lead and pursue change and development? Do you want to develop your skills in leadership and service development? Do you want to deepen your skills in digitalisation and technology? Then Arcada's master's programmes are the right choice for you. The programmes are characterised by self-directed and active learning together with fellow students, teachers, researchers and representatives of working life. Together we create an inspiring learning environment. The studies can be conducted either full-time or part-time and can be combined with full-time work. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Master's degree programmes Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Arcada Patient Safety and Learning Centre Breadcrumb Quick links Patient Safety Learning Contact us: Christoffer Ericsson Current courses Arcada Patient Safety and Learning Centre (APSLC) provides educational services to multidisciplinary professionals and students in the healthcare sector. The Centre's core competences are patient safety and simulation-based learning. Good patient safety involves a genuine concern for the safety of patients as well as the identification and anticipation of risks and harms that exist in the work. Patient safety culture requires that both the organization and individuals are committed to safety development work and minimizing risks. The learning ideology of APSLC is the learning by doing. Simulation-based learning with experienced instructors develops clinical skills at individual and group levels. Patient safety is trained and anchored in various simulation situations. The Center´s safe environment enables positive learning experiences. Head of APSLC E-mail: christoffer.ericsson@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 838 Below you can find all of our current course. Please note that the teaching language is Finnish. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Arcada Patient Safety and Learning Centre Current courses Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu EuSim simulaatio-ohjaajan peruskurssi (syyskuu 2021) Further education / Social and healthcare Breadcrumb Kurssin tavoitteet Kurssin sisältö Opetusmenetelmät Contact us about the course Christoffer Ericsson Arcadan EuSim-peruskurssille mahtuu normaalisti 16 osallistujaa. Saatamme tosin Suomen koronatilannerajoitusten mukaisesti joutua tarvittaessa karsimaan osallistujamäärän 8 osallistujaan. Jos ilmoittautuneita on siinä vaiheessa useampi kun 8, valinta tehdään pääasiassa ilmoittautumisjärjestyksessä. EuSim simulaatio-ohjaajan peruskurssi on sekoitus teoriaa ja käytäntöä ja sen painotuksena on palautteenannon tärkeys osana opetusta turvallisessa ja stimuloivassa ympäristössä. Osallistujat toimivat pienissä ryhmissä yhdessä kouluttajien kanssa. Kurssikieli on suomi. Tarjota osallistujille mahdollisuus suorittaa itsenäisesti omia simulaatioharjoituksia akuuttihoidon ympäristöissä, joiden pääpainona on teknisten ja ei-teknisten taitojen yhteensovittaminen potilaan hoidossa. Head of APSLC E-mail: christoffer.ericsson@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 838 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar EuSim simulaatio-ohjaajan peruskurssi (syyskuu 2021) Price 1100 € + 25.5% VAT (1381€) Conductor Ammattikorkeakoulu Arcada Language Finnish Scope 0 ECTS Course dates 15-17.09.2021 Last application date 01.09.2021 Osallistuja ymmärtää simulaatio-oppimisen käytön pedagogisena ja didaktisena menetelmänä. Osaa suunnitella ja toteuttaa simulaatio-oppimistilanteen. Osaa ohjata palautekeskustelun Ymmärtää inhimillisten tekijöiden (CRM,TRM) perusteet ja niiden integroimisen simulatio-oppimiseen Simulaatio-oppiminen pedagogisena ja didaktisena menetelmänä. Potilastilannesimulaation rakenne Potilastilannesimulaation suunnittelu, toteuttaminen ja arviointi. Inhimilliset tekijät ja potilasturvallisuus osana simulaatio-oppimista Luennot Keskustelut Ohjaamis- ja palautesessioiden reflektiiviset harjoittelut Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Continuing Education for the Future Breadcrumb Main menu We offer the following types of continuing education Continuing Education Specialisation Studies Arcada Patient Safety and Learning Centre Open Studies Contract Education Contact information Raisamiina Hagström Ulla Nyberg Fred Nordström As the labour market keeps evolving, the demand for essential skills keeps growing. Continuous learning is the key to keep your professional skills up to date. This is where we step in. Our aim at Arcada Continuing Education is to make sure it feels rewarding to develop and expand your professional skills. We provide further education in technology, culture, media, business and social and health care. Do you want to have an edge on the labour market?Continuing education courses are education packages created to meet the need of the modern (and future) working life. They are led by our own academic staff and reinforced by external experts when needed. You can find all of our current courses in our course calendar. Specialisation studies are based on the need of expertise and its development in working life. The studies are meant for those already in working life, those who already have a bachelor’s degree or those who have acquired such competence through other means. In most cases, specialisation education in Universities of Applied Sciences should be done after attaining a Bachelor's degree. Specialisation education consists of a minimum of 30 ECTS credits. The Specialisation Studies are tailored so that you can attend them alongside full-time employment. You can find all of our current specialisation studies in our course calendar. The Arcada Patient Safety and Learning Centre (APSLC) provides educational services to multidisciplinary professionals and students in the healthcare sector. The Centre’s core competences are patient safety and simulation-based learning. Most of the courses are held in Finnish. Read more about centre and check out all of our courses. The Open UAS, gives everyone interested, regardless of study background or age, the opportunity to take selected courses at Arcada, allowing you to broaden or deepen your expertise in subjects that interest you. It is a flexible way of exploring a new field, deepening your knowledge or trying our university-level studies. Open UAS courses can be partly completed alongside work. Teaching is offered during both daytime and evening hours, featuring a mix of lectures, assignments, project work, independent reading, online studies, and exams. Read more about Open UAS courses and see our course offerings here. We also tailor-make contract education for companies and organisations. The education can be anything from a few courses to more extensive education packages. Contract Education can be organised in Arcada's premises as well as in at your workplace. All tailor-made education is designed in co-operation with the client. Service Development Lead E-mail: raisamiina.hagstrom@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 566 Career Counsellor E-mail: ulla.nyberg@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 553 Vice Dean E-mail: fred.nordstrom@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 829 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Instructions before starting the course Payment terms Arcada Patient Safety and Learning Centre FAQ Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Accepting your study place Breadcrumb Quick links Confirmation and registration Confirm your acceptance of offered study place Register for the academic year Registering as absent The right to register as absent without a valid reason The right to register as absent with a valid reason (legal grounds) Registering as absent during the first academic year Registering as absent for only one semester during the first academic year Registering as absent without proof of legal grounds leads to a loss of study rights Appeal Here you will find important information on the process of accepting your study place. When you have been offered a study place at Arcada and have decided to accept it, you have to confirm your acceptance of the study place as instructed in the e-mail. It is also mandatory to register for the academic year. Confirm your acceptance of the study place according to the instructions sent to you by email. A student may accept only one study place leading to a higher education degree in Finland during one academic semester. This rule applies to all higher education (Bachelor's, Master's, Licentiate and Doctoral degrees). Please read more about the one study place per term provision here. The deadline for accepting a study place is 10 July 2025 at 3 p.m. (Finnish time). In order to begin your studies at Arcada you need to register for the academic year according to the instructions sent to you. If you have been accepted to a university of applied sciences and have accepted the study place, you shall register annually as present or absent for the academic year. This is done on the same page as the acceptance of the study place offer. You can register as absent for the first academic year only with a valid reason. Please read more about registering as absent below. Fee-paying student: please note that you cannot register for the academic year or receive a study certificate until you have paid the tuition fee. As a new student you have the right to register as absent without a valid reason for a maximum of one academic year (two semesters) during your studies. However, it is not possible to register as absent without a valid reason (legal grounds) during the first academic year. According to the Universities of Applied Sciences Act, as a first-year student you may register as absent for the academic year for the following reasons only: Absence due to illness or injury is counted as part of the maximum study time. However, absence due to military or non-military service or maternity, paternity or parental leave is not. If you register as absent during the first academic year due to illness or injury, he/she will be using up one or two of the permitted maximum number of absent semesters. You may register as absent from Arcada University of Applied Sciences, but must prove the legal grounds for the absence. Documents proving the legal grounds for the absence should be sent via post or presented to the Admissions Services at Arcada. The documents must be received by a given date set by Arcada which is announced in the admissions letter. Documents that prove the legal grounds for your absence: The documents must be in Finnish, Swedish or English. Should the legal grounds for absence apply only to the second academic term (e.g. military service or maternity leave beginning in January), you may register as absent for the entire academic year. If you have registered as present for the whole academic year, and then need to change the status of your registration for the spring term from ‘present’ to ‘absent’, you may do so during the spring term registration period. The need to provide documents proving legal grounds still remains. If you register as absent in the first academic year, but fail to deliver sufficient clarification regarding the grounds for absence within the deadline specified by the university, you will lose your right to study. If you are not satisfied with the results of the student selection process you should first always contact the UAS that you have applied to for more detailed information on the decision. If the matter is not resolved, you may appeal in writing to the board of the UAS in question. Such an appeal must be made within 14 days from when the admissions' results are sent out. An appeal can only be considered if it is clear that Arcada has not followed the eligibility criteria. The submitted appeal must clearly state on what grounds the eligibility criteria have not been followed. An appeal cannot be based on your personal circumstances (e.g. illness, family emergencies, financial situation) or natural disasters. Delays caused by a third party or similar are also not considered as it is your responsibility to ensure that documents arrive on time.The Board of Review handles appeals at Arcada. Requests for appeal shall be made by submitting a web form External link . A separate detailed document shall be attached. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Master's Application Accepting your study place Confirmation and registration Registering as absent Appeal Service under the Conscription Act (1438/2007), Non-Military Service Act (1446/2007), or Act on Women's Voluntary Military Service (194/1995); maternity, paternity or parental leave; you cannot begin studies due to being incapacitated by personal illness or injury. Service under the Conscription Act (1438/2007), Non-Military Service Act (1446/2007), or Act on Women's Voluntary Military Service (194/1995):- Call-up order Maternity, paternity or parental leave:- Kela's certificate regarding maternity, paternity or parental allowance period or, if the certificate has not yet been received, a medical certificate regarding the pregnancy- Corresponding certificates from the authorities of other countries regarding statutory parental leave You cannot begin studies due to being incapacitated by personal illness or injury:- Sickness allowance decision or, if no decision exists, a medical certificate. The medical certificate must state which illness or injury you suffer from, and that this condition prevents you from beginning your studies on 1 August the year you were admitted.- Obstacles caused by the practical arrangements required by the illness or injury: an adequate clarification, e.g. a certificate from the student housing foundation that you are on the waiting list for an apartment required by your injury. Your own notification is not an adequate clarification. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Apply to Business Management and Transformation Breadcrumb Quick links Eligibility Educational background Two years of work experience Application methods Student selection process How to apply - Master's level Checklist for applying: Eligibility criteria Part-time or full-time studies Fill in the application form Click 'submit' Submit all application documents Submit any other required documents or assignments Keep an eye on your e-mail Supporting documents - Master's level Here you will find important information on how to apply to the Business Management and Transformation programme. The application to Arcada's master's degree programmes in English for studies beginning in August 2025 was open between 8 - 22 January 2025. The application has now ended and no further applications are accepted. There are a total of 30 study places on offer in the Business Management and Transformation programme. Please use the quick links to navigate smoothly between the different sections. More information regarding the study programme can be found here. Before starting your master's application process to Arcada, please make sure that you are an eligible applicant, i.e. that you have a suitable educational background and two years of work experience. The applicant proves his/her English language through the various application methods used in the programme. Thus, no specific language test results need to be provided. To be eligible to apply to Business Management and Transformation, you must have a suitable bachelor's degree in the field of business or another relevant field. In case the bachelor's degree is from another field than business, you should still have a minimum of 40 ECTS credits in business studies. In exceptional cases, the 40 credits of business studies can be proven with extensive work experience. Arcada reserves the right to define this case by case. All applicants must, in addition to the requirements listed above, have a minimum of two years (24 months) of relevant work experience gained after the completion of the bachelor's degree to meet the eligibility criteria. Work experience is only counted from the date of the bachelor's degree diploma/certificate, and needs to be proven by a work certificate. Work experience gained before or during your bachelor studies cannot be counted towards the work experience minimum requirement. An exception is only made for applicants who have completed a Finnish vocational college diploma or higher vocational diploma (opisto- tai ammatillisen korkea-asteen tutkinto) before the completion of their higher education degree, as they may also take into account work experience gained before the higher education degree. Work experience can be counted up to 31st July 2025. Part-time work is converted to full-time work so that 150 hours or 20 full-time working days (a minimum of seven hours per day) are equal to a month. The work experience does not have to be continuous or from the same employer. Practical training or on-the-job learning is not counted as work experience if it forms a part of the degree used for applying. All students are selected based on a motivational letter and a video. Motivational letterIn the motivational letter, you should explain your reasons for applying to the Business Management and Transformation programme at Arcada. Please include a presentation of your background (relevant work experience and previous studies), and how you see the programme supporting your personal development. You are also requested to elaborate on your study and communication skills, as these are prerequisites for succeeding in the programme.The motivational letter may not exceed one page (use Times New Roman 12, line spacing 1.2, justified text). The letter is scored between 0-60 points focusing on: - Written English- Skills and experience- Clarity and focus- Interest and suitability for the programme. Personal motivation video In the video, you should introduce yourself, your prior studies and relevant work and/or other experiences. Please also discuss why you are interested in the Business Management and Transformation programme. The video should not exceed 2 minutes in length. The video is scored between 0-40 points focusing on: - Spoken English- Presentation skills- Skills and experience- Clarity and focus- Interest and suitability for the programme.Upload your personal video directly to the application form, or share a link to the video you have uploaded to a video-sharing service. In case you are using a video-sharing service, upload a document containing the link to your video. Make sure the video is set to private and accessible only with the link you share. The motivational letter and the video should be uploaded to the application as soon as possible, however no later than 29th January 2025 03:00 PM EET. There are in total 30 study places in the master's degree programme in Business Management and Transformation. Study places may be flexibly shifted between the full-time and part-time options, depending on the number of applications each one attracts. If either option fails to attract a sufficient number of applications, Arcada reserves the right to cancel that option.Applicants are given a total score for the motivation letter and video and are ranked based on that score. Applicants are admitted in the order of ranking. Results will be announced by the end of April at the earliest. Here you will find a checklist to guide you through the application process. The application is to be submitted through the national application portal Studyinfo. Make sure you meet all eligibility criteria for the programme that you are interested in. Please note that you need to apply with a bachelor's degree and mark this on your application form as your educational background. Decide if you want to apply to the part-time or full-time study option if you are applying to a degree programme where this choice is offered. The application form is found on the application portal Studyinfo during the application period. Fill in the form yourself, using your own contact information. You can also use the direct links below (only active during application time): Business Management and Transformation , full-time studies Business Management and Transformation , part-time studies Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership , online Healthcare Leadership , online, full-time studies Healthcare Leadership , online, part-time studies Machine Intelligence and Data Science , full-time studies Media Management , full-time studies Please read through the instructions carefully and make sure you answer all questions on the form. Do not forget to click 'submit' to save your application form. You will receive a confirmation e-mail in your inbox. If you do not receive a confirmation e-mail, please check your spam folder and make sure that your inbox is not full. If you still have not received a confirmation, contact the admissions services of the university or university of applied sciences that you applied to. Applicants should in general submit the following supporting documents: 1. Copy of original final bachelor's degree certificate/diploma in the original language2. Copy of the transcript of academic records in the original language3. Official translations of the bachelor's degree diploma/certificate and transcript of academic records if it was not issued in English, Finnish or Swedish4. Copies of relevant work certificates5. Copy of residence permit or passport that exempt from tuition fee These are, depending on the programme, English language proficiency certificate, a GRE test, a pre-assignment, a motivational letter and/or video. Please note the deadline for submitting all documents on the application form. Arcada Admissions Services will contact you in case there are questions about your application or documents, so please make sure that you check your inbox and spam folder regularly.The result of your application will also be sent to you be e-mail. Below you will find detailed information on which supporting documents to submit when you apply to Arcada. The application form will generally alert you to all the documents you should submit, and their specific deadline. Most attachments can be uploaded directly to the application form, others may need to be ordered from an external service provider. No documents, however, need to be sent by post.Select the category below for further information on documents and deadlines. Authorised translations in English, Swedish or Finnish of the Bachelor's degree certificate/diploma should also be submitted, if the original degree certificate is not issued in one of the previously mentioned languages. The translation should bear the stamp and signature of the translator. Authorised translations in English, Swedish or Finnish of the study transcript or academic records should also be submitted, if the original degree certificate is not issued in one of the previously mentioned languages. The translation should bear the stamp and signature of the translator. Copies of work certificates should be submitted in English, Swedish or Finnish indicating a minimum of two years (24 months) of relevant work experience. A CV can be attached, but it is not accepted on its own. Self-employed candidates (independent entrepreneurs) are allowed to prove their work history by sending CVs well as a YEL or MYEL-certificate, where possible. Please send only work certificates that are relevant. The work certificates must show start and end dates as well as title and description of work tasks. If you have worked part-time, the work certificates should indicate the number of work hours per month. 150 work hours or 20 working days (the minimum length of one full working day is 7 hours) is equivalent to one month of work experience. In order to prove exemption from tuition fees, a non-EU/EEA applicant should submit a copy of a valid residence permit (both sides) issued by the Finnish Immigration Service. All applicants must submit a copy of valid proof of Identity. Accepted documents are: These include English language proficiency certificates, pre-assignments, GRE tests, motivational letters and/or videos. See specific details on required documents for each master's programme. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Master's Application Apply to Business Management and Transformation Eligibility Application methods Student selection process How to apply - Master's level Supporting documents - Master's level Passport Finnish Identity card Identity card with photo issued in EU-country Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Apply to Healthcare Leadership Breadcrumb Quick links Eligibility Educational background Two years of work experience Student Selection process Motivational letter (2–3 pages) Video (max 40 points) How to submit the motivational letter and video How to apply - Master's level Checklist for applying: Eligibility criteria Part-time or full-time studies Fill in the application form Click 'submit' Submit all application documents Submit any other required documents or assignments Keep an eye on your e-mail Supporting documents - Master's level Here you will find important information on how to apply to the Healthcare Leadership programme. Are you interested in applying? An additional application has been announced for this programme. Application is open 24 July - 4 August 2025. Please read more hereThe main application to Arcada's master's degree programmes in English for studies beginning in August was open between 8 - 22 January 2025. There are 25 study places on offer in the Healthcare Leadership programme. Please use the quick links to navigate smoothly between the different sections. More information regarding the study programme can be found here. Before starting your master's application process to Arcada, please make sure that you are an eligible applicant, i.e. that you have a suitable bachelor's degree and two years of work experience. Applicants' English language skills will be evaluated through the selection methods used so no separate English language proficiency certificate is needed for applying. To be eligible to apply to Healthcare Leadership, you must have a bachelor's degree, within Nursing, Midwifery, Public Health Nursing, Occupational Therapy, Emergency Care, Physiotherapy, Sports and Physical Education or Social Care. Also other suitable Bachelor's degrees may be considered, but is assessed case by case. All applicants must, in addition to the requirements listed above, have a minimum of two years (24 months) of relevant work experience gained after the completion of the bachelor's degree in order to meet the eligibility criteria. Work experience is only counted after the bachelor's degree has been awarded, and needs to be proven by a work certificate. Work experience gained before or during your bachelor studies cannot be counted towards the work experience minimum requirement. An exception is only made for applicants who have completed a Finnish vocational college diploma or higher vocational diploma (opisto- tai ammatillisen korkea-asteen tutkinto) before the completion of their higher education degree, as they may also take into account work experience gained before the higher education degree. Work experience can be counted up to 31st July 2025. Part-time work is converted to full-time work so that 150 hours or 20 full-time working days (a minimum of seven hours per day) are equal to a month. The work experience does not have to be continuous or from the same employer. Practical training or on-the-job learning is not counted as work experience if it forms a part of the degree used for applying. Admission to the master's degree programme in Healthcare Leadership is based on a motivational letter and personal video. Submit a motivational letter. Write this letter in order for us to understand your thoughts and experiences on healthcare leadership as well as your expectations on this master's program. The length of this letter is about 2–3 pages. Part 1: Me as a master’s student (max 30 points) Part 2: Development and research of working life (max 30 points) Record a video of yourself talking about one leadership topic that interests you. Areas that will be given focus and evaluated: Attach both the motivation letter and the video to your application on studyinfo.fi. The deadline for the motivational letter and video is 29th January 2025 but you are recommended to submit them as soon as possible after you have submitted your application. Name the attachment file(s) in the following way: Lastname_First name_description/name of document_programme. For example, Smith_Mary_motivationletter_Leadership. Make sure that the attachments are legible. Combine the pages of the same document into one file. Check that the documents are all positioned in the same way upright. Recommended file formats are: PDF, JPG, PNG and DOCX You can upload the video directly or use video sharing services. In case you are using a sharing service (e.g. YouTube), upload a document containing a link to the video. Please make sure your video is set to private and can be seen only through the link you shared in your application. The video should be available for viewing throughout the complete application process.About the selection process The motivation letter and the video will be graded. A passing grade is required both for the letter and video in order to be considered for admission. Applicants are ranked based on total points for the two parts, and are admitted in order of ranking.If the motivation letter or video is not attached to the application by the set deadline, the application will not be processed further. Here you will find a checklist to guide you through the application process. The application is to be submitted through the national application portal Studyinfo. Make sure you meet all eligibility criteria for the programme that you are interested in. Please note that you need to apply with a bachelor's degree and mark this on your application form as your educational background. Decide if you want to apply to the part-time or full-time study option if you are applying to a degree programme where this choice is offered. The application form is found on the application portal Studyinfo during the application period. Fill in the form yourself, using your own contact information. You can also use the direct links below (only active during application time): Business Management and Transformation , full-time studies Business Management and Transformation , part-time studies Emergency Care Systems Development and Leadership , online Healthcare Leadership , online, full-time studies Healthcare Leadership , online, part-time studies Machine Intelligence and Data Science , full-time studies Media Management , full-time studies Please read through the instructions carefully and make sure you answer all questions on the form. Do not forget to click 'submit' to save your application form. You will receive a confirmation e-mail in your inbox. If you do not receive a confirmation e-mail, please check your spam folder and make sure that your inbox is not full. If you still have not received a confirmation, contact the admissions services of the university or university of applied sciences that you applied to. Applicants should in general submit the following supporting documents: 1. Copy of original final bachelor's degree certificate/diploma in the original language2. Copy of the transcript of academic records in the original language3. Official translations of the bachelor's degree diploma/certificate and transcript of academic records if it was not issued in English, Finnish or Swedish4. Copies of relevant work certificates5. Copy of residence permit or passport that exempt from tuition fee These are, depending on the programme, English language proficiency certificate, a GRE test, a pre-assignment, a motivational letter and/or video. Please note the deadline for submitting all documents on the application form. Arcada Admissions Services will contact you in case there are questions about your application or documents, so please make sure that you check your inbox and spam folder regularly.The result of your application will also be sent to you be e-mail. Below you will find detailed information on which supporting documents to submit when you apply to Arcada. The application form will generally alert you to all the documents you should submit, and their specific deadline. Most attachments can be uploaded directly to the application form, others may need to be ordered from an external service provider. No documents, however, need to be sent by post.Select the category below for further information on documents and deadlines. Authorised translations in English, Swedish or Finnish of the Bachelor's degree certificate/diploma should also be submitted, if the original degree certificate is not issued in one of the previously mentioned languages. The translation should bear the stamp and signature of the translator. Authorised translations in English, Swedish or Finnish of the study transcript or academic records should also be submitted, if the original degree certificate is not issued in one of the previously mentioned languages. The translation should bear the stamp and signature of the translator. Copies of work certificates should be submitted in English, Swedish or Finnish indicating a minimum of two years (24 months) of relevant work experience. A CV can be attached, but it is not accepted on its own. Self-employed candidates (independent entrepreneurs) are allowed to prove their work history by sending CVs well as a YEL or MYEL-certificate, where possible. Please send only work certificates that are relevant. The work certificates must show start and end dates as well as title and description of work tasks. If you have worked part-time, the work certificates should indicate the number of work hours per month. 150 work hours or 20 working days (the minimum length of one full working day is 7 hours) is equivalent to one month of work experience. In order to prove exemption from tuition fees, a non-EU/EEA applicant should submit a copy of a valid residence permit (both sides) issued by the Finnish Immigration Service. All applicants must submit a copy of valid proof of Identity. Accepted documents are: These include English language proficiency certificates, pre-assignments, GRE tests, motivational letters and/or videos. See specific details on required documents for each master's programme. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Master's Application Apply to Healthcare Leadership Eligibility Student Selection process How to apply - Master's level Supporting documents - Master's level What central working life competencies have you already developed? Have you already developed some healthcare leadership competencies? If so, please elaborate. What healthcare leadership competencies for future working life do you want to develop? Please motivate. How do you see a master’s degree beneficial for your present or future work? What are the main reasons for applying to this master’s program? This master’s program is an online program. What digital competence do you possess and do you have any challenges in regards to these? Studies on a master’s level is time-consuming, how will you be able to manage this? If you are in working life, what support can you expect from your employer? Master’s degree studies are equivalent to EQF 7 level competence requirements set by the Bologna process. Tell us about your earlier study experiences and your academic writing and research skills. What areas of your profession do you consider important for development work? In this master’s program, 1/3 is about development work, resulting in a master’s thesis. What kind of development work would you be interesting in doing? What would it contain? How would you actualize such development work? What research method(s) would be suitable? Technical skills (important since this is a 100% online course) Communication skills (group discussions will be held in this program and we need to communicate in English) Interest in the field of Healthcare Leadership Passport Finnish Identity card Identity card with photo issued in EU-country Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Annual Report 2020 Breadcrumb Main menu Key figures Financial Report and Annual Review (in Swedish) File File In focus Rector's Review Arcada makes a major effort in support of student well-being Humanoid robots and the future New study plans make use of competence and sustainability In 2020, Arcada had a record number of graduates – a total of 507 students graduated. This was made possible thanks to the invaluable efforts of our personnel, students and donors. Below you can download the financial report and annual review (in Swedish): Financial report: Annual review: Find out more about what happened at Arcada during the year by clicking on the links below. 2020 may have been the strangest year yet in the history of Arcada University of Applied Sciences. In March, the COVID-19 pandemic forced virtually all activities online, with only a couple of weeks’ notice. In 2020 Arcada made a giant leap forward in support of student well-being. In order to support the students in their learning, career and coping competence, a new Counselling and Student Well-being unit was established. In early 2020, they finally arrived from China, Arcada's first humanoid robots. In December 2020, a great effort was brought to conclusion when the board approved new study plans for each degree programme at Arcada. Competence and sustainability are the key themes for the new study plans, which are designed to prepare today’s student for a rapidly evolving career. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2020 Highlights 2020 Rector's Review Arcada makes a major effort in support of student well-being Humanoid robots and the future New study plans make use of competence and sustainability Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Arcada makes a major effort in support of student well-being Breadcrumb Highlights 2020 Support for Swedish-speakers in Finland The first Swedish-language SIMHE higher education institution in Finland Curious about what happened at Arcada during the year? Check out our highlights. In 2020 Arcada made a giant leap forward in support of student well-being. In order to support the students in their learning, career and coping competence, a new Counselling and Student Well-being unit was established. The unit is led by Annika Stadius, Head of Counselling and Student Well-being. – We provide study and career counselling, psychological services and support for students with special needs. Arcada is now in a position to provide wider psychological services, but even so, it is still a major challenge to move up an increasing number of students who are in need of more support and help. There is a serious shortage of Swedish-language psychological services in the Helsinki area. We must make an active effort to create new networks, Stadius says. The new unit will provide a sounding board and support in matters of studies, career and coping competence, how to approach the studies and how to look at one’s future. The aim of the unit is to meet the increased need. Today, studies are demanding in a way they haven’t been before, says Stadius. In order to complete their studies successfully, the students must possess self-discipline and the ability to work independently – no less true in 2020, with everything overshadowed by a global pandemic. Remote studying brings new challenges and new support requirements. Investing in the unit was deemed a long-term effort, but it turns out to have brought immediate results and the timing was actually better than what could have been foreseen. The unit is a complement to already existing support facilities at Arcada. – We already have amanuenses who provide guidance on questions concerning studies and course choices, as well as study services, who help the students with administrative matters. The new unit will provide a sounding board and support in matters of studies, career and coping competence, how to approach the studies and how to look at one’s future, Stadius says. Arcada is a pioneer in investing in well-being and in identifying how well-being influences everything. The aim is to help the students to reflect on their studies in a more general way, but also to support them in taking an active role in shaping their own future. Unfortunately, many young people are worried and stressed by the everyday life of a student, which sometimes leads to interrupted work. This type of, largely unnecessary, interruption can and should be prevented with the right kind of support. – I am very pleased that Arcada has chosen to invest in a wider scope of student well-being. We think it is important to help the students get used to reflecting on who they are, and to take responsibility for their studies and their lives. This way, we help students graduate, but we also provide them with the kinds of competence they will need in their careers. Arcada is a pioneer in investing in well-being and in identifying how well-being influences everything, Stadius concludes. The question of education and degrees is also a question of economics and politics. According to statistics from the Uusimaa Centre for Economic Development, Transport and the Environment, in July 2020, there were 597 NEET youths (16- to 29-year-olds Not in Employment, Education or Training). In July 2019 the number was 232. This is an increase of 157 per cent in one year. We must prepare our youth for continuous learning: ”I’m here now, this is where I’m going, but then where will I go?”. Completing a degree is not the final step. According to Stadius, a changing society means that we have to assume that, in ten years’ time, certain jobs and fields will no longer exist. Other kinds of work will have replaced them. Still, it shouldn’t be necessary to acquire three or four degrees to have access to the labour market. One basic degree should be sufficient, to be complemented with shorter study modules. This environment is frequently experienced as a jungle and students may need help and support to cope. – We must prepare our youth for continuous learning: ”I’m here now, this is where I’m going, but then where will I go?”. Completing a degree is not the final step. You complete your degree, yes, but you aren’t likely to remain in your first job for the rest of your life and this point is emphasised more and more. Today, a student needs career and coping competence. The main target group for the unit is the student body at Arcada, but we also work outside the university. The unit has published digital self-help material available to the public (in Swedish), for instance at the website fullkoll.fi. We also collaborate with Practicum, a secondary vocational institution. – The strategic aim of Arcada is to provide lifelong career support for a sustainable and fulfilling life, and with Practicum we aim to build a career centre to serve our students and also a wider target group. With this joint project and our digital service efforts I think the unit and Arcada play a major role in providing young Swedish speakers with support in a general way, says Stadius. From 2021, the Counselling and Student Well-being unit will also provide SIMHE services (Supporting Immigrants in Higher Education in Finland). Briefly, this entails providing support for immigrants who have chosen Swedish as their first language. Our approach is based on the fact that those who choose to integrate in the Swedish language, already tend to have a higher level of education. These people shouldn’t have to start over from the beginning. The unit provides guidance among the alternative Swedish-language study paths in Finland, thereby facilitating entry into the job market in Finland. In 2020 Arcada was granted the status of the first Swedish-language SIMHE higher education institution in Finland. – In time, the unit will also be offering validation services, that is, support for immigrants in having their already acquired competences recognised nationally. Our approach is based on the fact that those who choose to integrate in the Swedish language, already tend to have a higher level of education. These people shouldn’t have to start over from the beginning, but instead should be able to build on a previously completed exam, Stadius says. All Arcada students are welcome to reach out to the Counselling and Student Well-being unit. You will find all support functions of Arcada in the digital study guide Start. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2020 Arcada makes a major effort in support of student well-being Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu New study plans make use of competence and sustainability Breadcrumb Highlights 2020 New profiling and sustainability Curious about what happened at Arcada during the year? Check out our highlights. In December 2020, a great effort was brought to conclusion when the board approved new study plans for each degree programme at Arcada. Competence and sustainability are the key themes for the new study plans, which are designed to prepare today’s student for a rapidly evolving career. Unlike previous study plans, these plans are based on modules and competences. Carl-Johan Rosenbröijer, Vice Rector responsible for degree education, has headed the development work since it began in the autumn of 2019 and explains what the new study plans will signify. – We focus on competences in a wider sense, that is, on the module level. This way we can identify and credit previous competence more smoothly. The new plans are also designed to support the students’ ability to describe his or her competences and what concrete skills they bring to the job market. All competencies include the three dimensions of knowledge, skills and approach, says Rosenbröijer. It is important to be able to communicate personal competencies from the first day of studies and to connect them with different practical situations at work. The department heads, amanuenses and degree programme directors have played a key role in developing the new study plans. Annikki Arola, Degree Programme Director for Occupational Therapy, has been deeply involved with the practical questions. – The new study plans are based on the skills needed in the job market. Our previous focus was on individual courses, but students didn’t necessarily see how the courses fit together. The new plans provide for a greater choice and we can build modules that support the competencies of the students. This is not about course 1, 2 and 3, but about the actual competencies of the student. It is important to be able to communicate personal competencies from the first day of studies and to connect them with different practical situations at work, says Arola. One aim was to make the plans more streamlined than before, to make it easier for the entire organisation to work on a common Arcada level and make interdisciplinary work smoother. The development work was based on a common model that has made the process less complicated for the programme directors. It will be easier for the students to make a choice based on questions such as “What do I really want? What really interests me?” – We employed a clear structure for our working aim, to define knowledge and skills. The plans provide an entirely different way of comparing the various educational options offered by Arcada. It will be easier for the students to make a choice based on questions such as “What do I really want? What really interests me?”, Arola says. Arcada’s new strategy, to be implemented from 2021, was part of the reason for the development work. Implementing the new strategy required the development of new study plans. – The connection between Arcada’s new strategy and the new study plans is a key factor. The only way of implementing the strategy is in the operative domain and the education we provide implements the strategy through the study plans, Rosenbröijer says. The work on the new study plans has also generated new profiling of the degree programmes. – Our first task was to decide how to profile ourselves within our own field. The task helped us to continue with the process and today we stand out nationally with our programme in occupational therapy. We are the only institution in the country to use occupational science as a defining base for the entire study plan in our profession, says Arola. – The work has also been important in developing and profiling our engineering programmes. We have chosen to make strategic efforts proceeding with two basic themes; sustainability, in materials and energy, and digitalisation. This is an obvious extension of the strategy of underscoring sustainability and smart solutions, says Rosenbröijer. We also focus on human well-being and on coping with the huge transformation that both our careers and our society as a whole are subject to. We have a great responsibility to our students. Sustainability is a common thread in the study plans. It is a broad concept, which today encompasses an ecological, an economic, a social and a cultural dimension, all of which are reflected in the new plans. – Apart from sustainability, which concerns the environment, we also focus on human well-being and on coping with the huge transformation that both our careers and our society as a whole are subject to. We have a great responsibility to our students, says Rosenbröijer. In this context, the interdisciplinary aspect is essential. – We look at health and welfare, for instance, and aim to contribute to a sustainable life with the aid of AI and technology. At Arcada we have a great advantage in our different on-site professions and lab facilities, says Arola. In the spring of 2021, we will continue with the implementation of the new study plans. A group of project leaders, consisting of the five department heads, the head of the Language department and the head of Student services, are in charge of the work. The plans will be introduced in the autumn of 2021 and remain in force for four years (2021–2024). Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2020 New study plans make use of competence and sustainability Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Humanoid robots and the future – Arcada shows the way Breadcrumb Highlights 2020 An abundance of opportunities Curious about what happened at Arcada during the year? Check out our highlights. In early 2020, they finally arrived from China, Arcada's first humanoid robots. Amy, manufactured by Csjbot, is a service robot, that is, designed to provide service and aid, whereas Alf, manufactured by Qihan, is a Sanbot Elf robot and is more social, interactive and intuitive. Christa Tigerstedt, senior lecturer in Business Administration, heads the learning and development project AFORA – The Humanoid Service Robot Project financed by the trust A.F. Lindstedts och Svenska Handelsinstitutets fond. Tigerstedt’s work is focused on service design and design thinking while Dennis Biström, lecturer in Information Technology, is responsible for technology, coding and application development. Both agree that the humanoid properties make these robots unusual. – Both Amy and Alf are easy to use – they are not designed for engineers or AI experts. When a customer or client uses a humanoid robot for the first time, no technical expertise should be needed, says Tigerstedt and Biström agrees. – Both robots have a very user-friendly interface and they are easy to interact with. They recognise faces and react to the touch. Alf also recognises questions and will give instructions in different languages. Depending on application, the properties of the robots can also be enhanced. The humanoid aspect is a key feature in order to bring advanced technology directly to the clients, without requiring them to be technically oriented, says Biström. The robot Amy is serving. Tigerstedt hopes that AFORA will help bust myths and spread information about the advantages of robotics. – Our basic notion about robots is not that they will replace humans – which is a common misunderstanding. We want our students and colleagues at Arcada to learn to manage a technology that already exists and to find new concepts for using it, concepts that are relevant and sustainable for users. By this we mean simply that robots can relieve humans, allowing them to focus on the things they are better at themselves. Our aim is to use robots to re-humanise, not de-humanise, says Tigerstedt. Biström doesn’t wonder why humanoid robots are gaining in popularity, he wonders why only now? – An increasing number of our daily chores are automated and performed by machines, washing machines, for instance, or robot vacuum cleaners. We also have smart phones to help with our routines. Even if robots are traditionally viewed as mechanical units, a smart phone also fits the definition of a robot: a unit capable of carrying out a complex series of actions automatically. For the technically less experienced, it is even easier to interact with a humanoid robot than with a smart phone. In addition, robots act in real life, since they are equipped with a physical body. Since they are based on the Android operative system, they can perform what a smart phone can, says Biström. Humanoid robots can serve in many areas. Amy, for instance, can be used for customer service work, as a waitress or receptionist in the hospitality sector. Alf, with built-in sensors, can monitor people and help them with social distancing at various events or use his camera to recognise faces and remind people to wear a mask. Healthcare is another sector that may benefit from the use of robots. – Most people, when they get older, wish to cope at home for as long as possible. Robots may help in extending that independence. We have research that tells us there are times when people prefer not to receive help from another person, for instance in private situations, where they might feel a loss of face. In this kind of situation, some people might prefer being given care instructions by a robot. In care units, a robot can assist both patients and staff, Tigerstedt says. The robot Alf and Christa Tigerstedt in class. The coronavirus has created a number of obstacles to the robot project. In order to learn and grasp the technology, humans need to meet the robots, but several campus events with the robots were cancelled. During the year, the robots have nevertheless garnered interest at Arcada. The AFORA project has very clearly shown that the opportunities for interdisciplinary co-operation are considerable. – The robot project supports the competencies that we, in line with Arcada’s strategy, aim for, such as smart solutions, digitalisation and an interdisciplinary approach. Co-operation between three parties is quite possible, for instance projects combining the technology, healthcare and service sectors. This touches on concept development and service design. The moment you combine technology or coding with any sector, the work becomes interdisciplinary, says Tigerstedt. – We need to work together. No humanoid robot will be designed by an IT engineer alone, says Biström. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2020 Humanoid robots and the future Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Flexibility and co-operation in a pandemic Breadcrumb Highlights 2020 A new strategy Curious about what happened at Arcada during the year? Check out our highlights. 2020 may have been the strangest year yet in the history of Arcada University of Applied Sciences. In March, the COVID-19 pandemic forced virtually all activities online, with only a couple of weeks’ notice. Rector Mona Forsskåhl. Our IT support and digital pedagogic support exceeded all expectations, and other personnel, as well as our students, all contributed to complete the transition smoothly – which it did. Lectures were mostly arranged using digital channels, most exercises and lab exercises were postponed and only the really essential work took place on campus. Restrictions were somewhat eased in autumn, but reinstated later in the year. Despite these difficulties, we had a record number of graduates. A total of 507 students graduated in 2020. This was made possible thanks to the invaluable efforts of our personnel, students and donors. We were able to invest in both digital pedagogy, various kinds of support and in infrastructure – both before and after the pandemic. It is a special pleasure to note that Arcada was able, thanks to a grant from Stiftelsen Arcada, in October 2020 to complete and unveil a Donor's wall, displayed as a starry sky that, to everyone’s delight, now lights up the foyer. The results were impressive: all available places in the Swedish-language programmes were taken without an additional application, and the autumn term began with full student groups. The summer entrance exam turned out to be a particular challenge. The national entrance exams for universities and applied sciences were completed the week after midsummer under the most rigorous safety arrangements and the Arcada team responsible for planning and implementation did a marvellous job. The results were impressive: all available places in the Swedish-language programmes were taken without an additional application, and the autumn semester began with full student groups. Recruitment to the English-language programmes at Arcada was also a success. We managed to double the number of non-EU students, which means both a contribution to cultural diversity and to our finances. Due to the pandemic, the new students have not been able to travel to Finland, however, and have begun their studies entirely online, and seem likely to complete the whole year this way. The finances of Arcada were also affected by the pandemic – there was a significant revenue decline, which could not be compensated for by the decrease in expenses. Fortunately, the net interest income served as a silver lining, having been affected by the positive development on the financial market. An increase in value from 18,4 (2019) to 19,0 million and a percental profit of 5,6 per annum, have made it possible to continue the development work at Arcada. During 2020 520 000 euros of the profit was used, enabling among other things the smooth transition online for the UAS. The increased support we were able to offer our own students with our new Counselling and Student Well-being unit also turned out to be very valuable in the new pandemic routine. When we found ourselves in this crisis caused by the coronavirus, we wanted to step up our contributions to society. Hence, we were happy when we had the opportunity to provide our health services with medical equipment. Another contribution was to offer the unemployed and laid-off access to all the continuing education programmes at Arcada, free of charge. The increased support we were able to offer our own students with our new Counselling and Student Well-being unit also turned out to be very valuable in the new pandemic routine - and will continue to be so when the most pressing consequences of the pandemic have faded away. The year 2020 wasn’t entirely about the pandemic and how we coped with it; we can also look back at a number of highlights that are completely unrelated to the special conditions. At the beginning of the year, we set out a new strategy with four ambitious overall goals. The aim is that Arcada in 2030 is a future-driven Swedish-language educator in Helsinki, building Nordic co-operation for global relevance, creating smart solutions for a dynamic professional life and a vigorous Swedish-language culture and offering life-long career support for a rewarding and sustainable life. The new strategy called for a re-thinking of the study plans of all programmes in such a way that the main themes of the strategy were brought together in a competence-based modular structure. The SITRA future competencies, the UN sustainability goals, the principles of open science and various digital tools were also included. The new study plans will be introduced from 2021 and with them a new and broader educational profile in engineering will also be introduced. Along with the new strategy comes a concrete promise of fostering sustainability in all of its dimensions. Sustainability is to be included in all of Arcada’s operations. This also goes for the investment portfolio, which adheres the UN Principles for Responsible Investment (UNPRI). Arcada is thus considering responsibility from a holistic point of view. We hold our responsibility as investors in high regard by acting responsibly ourselves and by choosing investment objects and cooperation partners who act in the same way. Nordic co-operation also continues, and Arcada has concluded a strategic partnership with Mälardalen University in Sweden, where we today have an affiliated professor, Anne Söderlund. Joint research with our partner HEI and professor Söderlund made a promising start with a number of suggested projects in health and welfare. In one project, the aim was a successful concept for self-managing teams in the care for the elderly, in another a unique bilingual nursing programme was designed and launched together with DIAK, our neighbouring UAS. Arcada has excelled with smart solutions for a number of years, and 2020 was no exception. In one project, the aim was a successful concept for self-managing teams in the care for the elderly, in another a unique bilingual nursing programme was designed and launched together with DIAK, our neighbouring UAS. Last year we also signed a new partnership agreement with public health NGO Folkhälsan, opening up new areas of co-operation, both in education and in research. All in all, the year is a source of great pride to me as rector. Arcada has prospered in several areas. The pride is tempered, however, with unease arising from the added strain imposed by the pandemic. Our Finnish society will still need our higher education institutions, our students and our staff for years to come. We must make space for our peace of mind, the flight of imagination and a rewarding life – during and also after the pandemic. More smart solutions are required as well as consideration for each other. Helsinki in March 2021 Mona Forsskåhl, PhD Professor, Rector Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2020 Rector's Review Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Big Data Analytics (Specialisation studies) Further education / Technology / Business Breadcrumb Salvatore della Vecchia Former student of BDA at Arcada Big Data Analytics - Specialisation Studies Study alongside work Programme contents Curriculum for Big Data Analytics Knowledge recommendations for Big Data Analytics Introduction to Python for Data Science Need to up-date your Python skills? Then this course is perfect for you! Contact us about the course Ulla Nyberg These studies offer you research at the cutting edge of creating intelligent services, working alongside scholars and industry in their area. The studies are grounded in the scope and theories of machine learning and the challenges of analytical service design. You will develop detailed knowledge and understanding of how these disciplines blend together in tackling the real problems that face organisations. Apply by latest 31.5.2025. Fill in the application form via the link below Today the same amount of information is created by computers and users around the world in 48 hours, as was created from the beginning of humanity until year 2003. Software encompasses an increasing amount of industries, and as Internet of Things (IoT) solutions become more common, big data analytics must be used to process the data they generate. To find patterns in and being able to handle this enormous amount of data opens for better and more precise fact-based decision-making. Companies and organisations have already realized the opportunities this brings and there is a continuously growing demand of trained big data analytics developers today. Big Data Analytics specialisation studies gives you an in-depth understanding of how to make use of data in order to create insights. The intended student for these specialisation studies is someone with a programming background who wants to understand how to employ machine learning methods in a business environment. The program is arranged so that you rapidly gain a broad understanding of the essential concepts of big data analytics; descriptive and predictive modelling, as well as optimization. The program emphasizes the importance of understanding how to build analytical solutions with production level code. As a student you will be involved in projects connected to real-world problems that includes elements of both group work and individual achievements. The focus on real-world problems emphasizes disruptive problem solving through analytics service development. Communication and business acumen is emphasized both through data visualization and traditional pitching. Are you looking for our Master's degree programme in Big Data Analytics (MIND)? Read more here. The specialisation studies in Big Data Analytics are tailored so that you can attend them alongside full-time employment. This programme will cover the following subjects. The curriculum consists of six courses (5 ECTS credits each) that focus on how to program intelligent services using analytical and machine learning methods. Each of the courses are thought through solving programming problems were the students can make use of Arcada’s Nvidia-sponsored Big Data Lab or computational resources from the Finnish Supercomputing Center (CSC). These tools will enable students to learn how to make use of GPU-accelerated models for processing big data. Each module consists of six five-hour-long contact teaching sessions, usually conducted onsite and online on Thursdays and Fridays starting from 13:00. Exact dates of the modules will be published soon. For more information about these modules see the curriculum below. The curriculum consists of six courses (5 ECTS credits each) that focus on how to program intelligent services using analytical and machine learning methods. Each of the courses are thought through solving programming problems were the students can make use of Arcada’s Nvidia-sponsored Big Data Lab or computational resources from the Finnish Supercomputing Center (CSC). These tools will enable students to learn how to make use of GPU-accelerated models for processing big data. The aim of the course is to introduce the student to the different concepts of implementing an analytics process. Students learn the process of problem solving in analytics from data understanding and preprocessing, through modelling choices and implementation until the interpretation, visualization and utilization of the analysis. We will look at typical real-lifeapplications of analytics. The course will provide hands-on lectures to performing the steps of modeling and analysis. You learn a practical approach for predicting with Machine Learning with all the steps starting from data acquisition and preparation, search for optimal parameters, to comparison of different methods and evaluation of results. You can employ a linear model for regression and classification, train neural networks, build data features with deep learning, represent and process natural text with numerical methods. You learn how to lead in turbulent times through data-driven management. You also learn to understand how to become an agent of change for transforming data into insights. People are often visual beings and therefore the focus of the course is on reducing information, through algorithms, that can then be visualized. You develop an understanding of visual analytical methods as a communication medium for business intelligence. You learn to efficiently handle massive datasets and extract hidden knowledge from data. You understand how to employ classification and clustering algorithms on three different types of data: text, streaming and graph. You acquire knowledge of methods and programming tools for processing big data on distributed/cloud systems. You are given an overview of machine learning and how to utilize big data. The methods for descriptive and predictive modelling are introduced for small data, and you are then given an explanation for how similar models can be modified to work with big data. You will be introduced to the analytical process; big data tooling, data-related requirement handling, domain knowledge, modelling and verification of results. You develop an understanding for planning the analytical process; data-related requirement handling, domain knowledge/modelling expertise and verification of results. Each student completes an industry cap-stone project as part of the course. To ensure that you can fully benefit from our specialisation program in Big Data Analytics, we recommend that you have basic knowledge of Python and experience with using the Linux command line. If you are already familiar with these, our program will offer in-depth knowledge and skills that can help you to bring your expertise to the next level. We strive to create a supportive and inspiring environment for our students. The recommended knowledge includes: Ability to handle basic string and list methods for manipulation. For example: For strings: For lists: Familiarity with the following Python libraries would be beneficial: Your code writing style should be clear, concise, and efficient. Avoid excessive code repetitions by adhering to the DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself) principle. This means that information is not duplicated, and you use appropriate structures to encapsulate repeated code. This not only reduces redundancy but also improves readability, maintainability, and scalability of the code. Code you produce should be self-explanatory, with meaningful variable, function, and class names. Comments should be used to explain the 'why' rather than the 'what' or 'how'. This promotes consistency and makes the code easier to understand and debug. Remember, code is read more often than it is written, so strive for clarity and simplicity. Being comfortable with basic Linux terminal commands is essential to interact with Linux-based systems efficiently. These skills are indispensable for software and data engineers, whom our program is targeting. Knowledge of these terminal commands ensures a deeper understanding of computer systems and equips you with the tools needed for professional development in technology fields. You should be able to use these Linux commands comfortably and understand their options and parameters. You should also understand the concept of Linux file permissions and know how to use pipes (|) and redirection (>, >>, <). Career Counsellor E-mail: ulla.nyberg@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 553 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Big Data Analytics Price 600 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 30 ECTS Course dates Course start: Period 1 (August 2025) Last application date 31.05.2025 Entry requirements An engineering degree or other formal science degree that the UAS otherwise deem sufficient. Prior work experience in software engineering. Read more about our knowledge recommendations in the course description. Please notice that these studies are conducted as part-time studies and therefore doesn't qualify for a residence permit in Finland. Educational level for these studies: Master (EQF7) Introduction to Machine Learning and Data-driven design, 5 ECTS Machine Learning and Data Mining, 5 ECTS Visualisation and Narration with Data, 5 ECTS Deep Learning and Foundation Models, 5 ECTS Cloud Computing and Data Engineering, 5 ECTS AI-assisted Analytical Service Design, 5 ECTS Basic syntax and data types (None, bool, int, float, str, list, tuple, dict). Understanding the concept of variables and variable scope. Control structures (if-else, for and while loops). Ability to write simple functions and use them in programs. Basic Python libraries like math, random, as well as understanding and utilizing classes from the datetime module. Ability to handle basic string and list methods for manipulation. For example: For strings: upper(): Converts all the characters in a string to uppercase. lower(): Converts all the characters in a string to lowercase. strip(): Removes leading and trailing whitespace from a string. split(): Splits a string into a list where each word is a list item. replace(): Replaces a specified phrase with another specified phrase. For lists: append(): Adds an element at the end of the list. insert(): Adds an element at the specified position. remove(): Removes the first item with the specified value. pop(): Removes the element at the specified position. sort(): Sorts the list. upper(): Converts all the characters in a string to uppercase. lower(): Converts all the characters in a string to lowercase. strip(): Removes leading and trailing whitespace from a string. split(): Splits a string into a list where each word is a list item. replace(): Replaces a specified phrase with another specified phrase. append(): Adds an element at the end of the list. insert(): Adds an element at the specified position. remove(): Removes the first item with the specified value. pop(): Removes the element at the specified position. sort(): Sorts the list. Reading from and writing to files. Handling errors and exceptions using try/except blocks. An understanding of Python's logging system. Handle regular expressions for pattern matching in strings. Understand object-oriented programming: classes, objects, methods. Understand and use list comprehensions and lambda functions. Understand Python's memory management and optimization techniques. NumPy: For numerical computations. Pandas: For data manipulation and analysis. Matplotlib: For data visualization. man: Display the user manual of a command ssh: Secure shell remote login. ls: List directory contents. cd: Change the current directory. pwd: Print the name of the current directory cp: Copy files and directories. mv: Move or rename files and directories. rm: Remove files and directories. cat: Concatenate and display file content. echo: Display a line of text. head: Output the first part of files. tail: Output the last part of files. grep: Search for a specific pattern within files. find: Search for files in a directory hierarchy. chmod: Change the permissions of files or directories. chown: Change the owner and group of files or directories. df: Report file system disk space usage. du: Estimate file and directory space usage. tar: Archive files. gzip: Compress or expand files. ps: Report a snapshot of the current processes. top: Display Linux tasks. kill: Send a signal to a process. curl: Transfer data to or from a server. scp: Securely copy files between a local host and a remote host or between two remote hosts. rsync: Only transfers the changes made rather than transferring all the files again. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Why Arcada? Breadcrumb Where theory and practice meet Close contact with working life International Arcada Exchange studies Sustainability and social responsibility Campus and study environments Why Arcada? At our university of applied sciences you will find a broad spectrum of degree programmes, which opens opportunities for interesting interdisciplinary meetings and collaborations. You get to take part of and challenge the latest expertise in the area you are passionate about. At the same time you will gain knowledge that is relevant and sought after in the labour market - both today and in the future. To read is important. Doing is equally important. Therefore you as a student spend an large part of your studies in the field and in our realistic lab and simulation environments. By converting you theoretical knowledge into practical skills you can become the expert of tomorrow. All our our lecturers have extensive practical experience in addition to their theoretical expertise. Imagine your period of study where you will receive both valuable knowledge and skills - at the same time as you can add interesting projects to your CV. As an Arcada student, you will, from year one, roll up your sleeves and work together with leading businesses and organisations. In step with the growth of your knowledge and skills, you will take on more and more challenging projects, get invaluable work experience and who knows - may be it is thanks to a project that you make contact with your future employer? Expand your horizons - both at home and abroad. The world shrinks. The labour market is steadily becoming more and more international - the opportunities are unlimited! Did you know that your may hear 50 different languages spoken in our corridors and that our students go for exchange programmes, participate in projects and take courses all over the world? Where do you want to go, what do you want to accomplish? What are you waiting for? Come on an exchange to Arcada! Arcada has about 120 partner insitutions around the world and welcomes about 70 exchange students each year. Around 50 nationalities are represented in Arcada, partly within the English degree programs and partly through student, teacher and expert exchanges. Sustainability and social responsibility are present in all activities at Arcada: in our education, research, organisational culture and on campus. Arcada is much more than just a university of applied sciences - on our campus you can build your future! Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Why Arcada? Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu IBD-potilaan hoitotyön täydennyskoulutus Further education / Social and healthcare Breadcrumb The aim of this Finnish course in IBD nursing is to provide the opportunity to develop yourself into an expert in the care of IBD patients. You will broaden your ability to work in a multidisciplinary team and add value to yourself and your work. The training will cover current information in the care of patients with IBD. The aim is also to equip you with the skills to teach and guide IBD patients, using multidisciplinary knowledge and evidence-based research. Please note that this course is taught in Finnish. Read more and register on our Finnish web pages. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar IBD-potilaan hoitotyön täydennyskoulutus Price 1800 € + 25.5% VAT (2259€) Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language Finnish Scope 30 ECTS Course dates 21.03.2023-13.12.2023 Last application date 28.02.2023 Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Arcada Alumni Breadcrumb Join the alumni network! 14 000 alumni - Become a part of the Arcada family! All over the world Why join the alumni network? Who is an Arcada alumnus? Alumnus of the Year 2024, Mikko Länsiluoto: As a business owner, you can be both the CEO and a plumber in the same day Alumna of the Year 2023: Nina Brännkärr-Friberg Johanna Stenback, Alumna of the Year 2022: Student life gave me valuable skills for my career Register in our alumni network and make sure you remain up to date with everything Arcada! Arcada has a lot to offer you, also after you graduate. In Arcada's alumni network you can build and maintain your own professional network. Take the opportunity to meet old friends or make new and important contacts. Our 14,000 alumni are found all around the world, and each year nearly 500 more students graduate from Arcada. Together we are stronger. We want to keep in touch with you. Join our network and stay in touch with us. Arcada prides itself as one of the most international UAS' in Finland, that means we have Arcada alumni all over the world. Are you about to move abroad, maybe you can find a first contact through our alumni network? Stay in touch regardless of where in the world you happen to be located. You as alumnus is among our most important stakeholders. Let's stay in touch. You also stand to gain from joining the alumni network. *(The offer does not apply to the following courses: Big Data Analytics, EuSim simulaatio-ohjaajan peruskurssi and EuSim simulaatio-ohjaajan jatkokurssi.) If your answer is yes to any of these questions you are an alumnus! There were really no other options. A burning passion for grocery stores runs in the family—his grandfather was a shopkeeper, and later, so was his father. Alumnus of the Year Mikko Länsiluoto, Bachelor of Business Administration, is the third generation to follow the same path and considers entrepreneurship to be his greatest strength. Category: Alumni Nina Brännkärr-Friberg is the engineering alumna whose life took a different direction. As Alumna of the Year 2023 at Arcada University of Applied Sciences, she wants to remind everyone that things don't always go as planned, but it usually turns out fine anyway. Category: Alumni This year, Arcada University of Applied Sciences has for the first time named the Alumni of the Year. The award is given to a person who is an inspiration to today's students and who demonstrates a broad commitment to Arcada. The 2022 Alumna of the Year is Johanna Stenback. Category: Alumni Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Arcada Alumni Build and maintain your own network. As alumni at Arcada you create new contacts beyond your own educational programme. Get invitations to nostalgic alumni events. You will be up to date. Latest news on continuing education and the possibility to take 5 credits for free.* Support in your career development via the career centre. Get a 15% discount on Arcada's fitness tests. Be an expert and lecturer at seminars and classes. Recruit current students. Did you study at and graduate from Arcada University of Applied Sciences? Did you graduate from the Swedish Medical Institute (Sjukis), the Swedish School of Commerce (Lilla Hanken), the Swedish Technical Institute (Verket) or the National Institute of Public Health? Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Kansantaudit Suomessa Further education / Social and healthcare Breadcrumb The aim of this Finnish course is to develop nurses and healthcare workers awareness about the history and risk factors of public health diseases. During the course, participates will also develop their knowledge to promote public health, as well as prevent and treat public health diseases. Please note that this course is taught in Finnish. For more information and registration, please visit our Finnish web page. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Kansantaudit Suomessa Price 225 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language Finnish Scope 15 ECTS Course dates 15.11.2022-15.03.2023 Last application date 31.10.2022 Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Hoitotason ensihoito Further education / Social and healthcare Breadcrumb Hae koulutukseen Opintojen tavoitteet: Opintojen rakenne: Opintokokonaisuudet: Lähiopetuspäivät: Koronatilanne ja Hoitotason Ensihoito 30 op: Valtakunnallinen tentti ja osaamisen arviointi: Opintojen hyväksytysti suorittaminen edellyttää: Contact us about the course Christoffer Ericsson Opinnot antavat asetuksen ensihoidosta mukaisen pätevyyden toimia hoitotasolla. Koulutuskieli (luennot, harjoitukset ja materiaali) on suomi. Valtakunnallisen hoitotason tentin saa suorittaa suomeksi ja ruotsiksi. Hae viimeistään 23.8.2021 Tarkemmat lähiopetuspäivät julkaistaan viimeistään toukokuussa 2021. Hoitotason ensihoito-kurssi suunnitellaan tässä vaiheessa sillä ajatuksella että se järjestetään normaalisti syksyllä 2021. Jos syksyn epidemiatilanne kesän aikana eskaloituu tai muuttuu merkittävästi, silloin pohdimme ensisijaisesti vaihtoehtoratkaisuja jotta Hoitotason ensihoito-kurssi saadaan järjestettyä normaalissa aikataulussa. Jos tämä osoittautuu mahdottomaksi, kurssi tarvittaessa siirretään eteenpäin.Tästä päätöksestä ilmoitetaan heti hakijoille kun tilanne selviää. Kurssin aikana tulette suorittamaan valtakunnallisen hoitotason tentin. Tenttipäivämäärät julkaistaan heti kun saamme ne tietää. Kurssin aikana saa tämän tentin suorittaa korkeintaan kolme (3) kertaa. Tentti pitää olla hyväksytty ennen osaamisen arviointia (LO8). Jos tentti ei ole hyväksytty määrätyssä ajassa, siirtyy osaamisen arviointi seuraavalle kurssille ja tästä peritään ylimääräinen maksu. 1) valtakunnallisen hoitotason tentin suorittamista hyväksytysti, 2) kurssin osaamisen arvioinnin suorittamisen hyväksytysti 3) aktiivista osallistumista kontaktijaksoihin (min. 85%) 4) kaikkien jaksojen oppimistehtävien hyväksymistä ennen todistuksen saamista 5) koko kurssimaksun suorittamista viimeistään viimeisen erän maksupäivään mennessä Opiskelijalla on 1/2 vuotta aikaa täydentää puuttuvia opintoja. Tämän jälkeen peritään erillinen opintomaksu, joka määräytyy tapauskohtaisesti. Head of APSLC E-mail: christoffer.ericsson@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 838 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Hoitotason ensihoito Price 2850 € + 0% VAT Conductor Ammattikorkeakoulu Arcada Language Finnish Scope 0 ECTS Course dates 06.09.2021-20.05.2022 Last application date 23.08.2021 Entry requirements Sairaanhoitaja (AMK) tai terveydenhuollon ammattihenkilöistä annetussa laissa tarkoitettu laillistettu sairaanhoitaja, joilla on vähintään 6 kk (100% työaika) - 1 vuosi (alle 100% työaika) kokemusta ensihoitotyöstä vähintään perustasolla. laajentaa ja syventää hoitotasoisen ensihoidon ammatillista osaamista soveltaa lääketieteellistä osaamista ensihoidossa kehittää tiimityöskentelyä, vahvistaa päätöksentekokykyä työyhteisössä ja lisätä potilasturvallisuutta laajentaa ja syventää ensihoitotyön johtaminen päivittäisissä potilastilanteissa monimuoto lähiopiskelua simulaatioharjoituksia etätehtäviä tenttejä sekä osaamiskartoitus Hengitystien hallinta, hengitys Verenkierto EKG tulkinta Sydänpysähdys ja elvytys hoitotasolla Tajuton potilas ensihoidossa Synnytys ja lapsipotilas ensihoidossa Vammapotilaan hoito ensihoidossa Suuronnettomuus​​​​​ Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Rector's Review 2018: Something Old, Something New Breadcrumb Highlights 2018 Dear Friend of Arcada, Curious about what happened at Arcada during the year? Check out our highlights. For Arcada, 2018 was in many ways a year of radical change. A new rector in May, a new organisation in August, a new sports hall and a successful fundraising campaign were some of the important events that will carry the school into the future. All this took place at the same time that Arcada ended the year with a record number of 500 new alumni. The year began with two big projects. The fundraising campaign Tomorrow’s Heroes – Morgondagens hjältar – was launched with the goal to raise 5 million euro by the end of the year. By December 31 of 2018 the total count came to more than 6.23 million euro. The other big project was launched by the owner, the Arcada Foundation. On January 17 the first stone was laid in the construction of the new sports hall that will give a definite boost to our sports instructor programme and to its profile. Rector Mona Forsskåhl. Also on January 17, Henrik Wolff, Arcada’s first and up to then its only rector, accepted his professorship for his valuable contributions to the field of higher education. Before the summer break, many gathered to honour Henrik, taking part in a symposium that clearly showed what an extensive network he has managed to create for Arcada during his years as rector. In May he handed over to his successor, Mona Forsskåhl. The transition had been well prepared and the new rector had been given ample opportunity to become acquainted with the organisation and to take part in the traditions and routines of both workday life and festivities at Arcada. The new rector was inaugurated at the opening of the academic year in September. The new term began with five departments instead of the previous four. Two new vice rectors had also been appointed and began work in August: Dr Carl-Johan Rosenbröijer in charge of degree education and Dr Henrika Franck in charge of research, development and innovation. During the autumn Arcada’s leadership met with the Ministry of Education and Culture. The negotiations were conducted in a spirit of understanding and the outcome positive. Arcada has continued to do well in within the frame of the ministry’s funding indicators, even though in the relative UAS comparison Arcada dropped from first to third place. The statutory quality audit conducted by The Finnish Education Evaluation Centre (FINEEC) in 2017 was approved in 2018. The assessment team visited Arcada in March and presented its report at a joint seminar. The report supplied Arcada with valuable tools for its continued quality work. The results of the audit are valid for six years. Arcada’s operating accounts showed a deficit of -553000 euro for 2018, despite slightly increased core funding, extra government funding and increased sales, bringing the turnover to almost 17.5 million euro. This can partly be explained by the change of rectors and the changes in the organisation, but there needs to be increased efficiency and focus in the long term. One of the goals in Arcada’s current strategy document emphasises depth in focus and breadth in collaboration, a statement that continues to carry weight. The powerful decline of the financial markets at the end of the year led to a further drop in the deficit, down to -857000 euro as investments from the beginning of 2018 have to be continuously declared at market value. However, our successful fundraising campaign together with the governments counter financing gives us confidence in the future. This constitutes a sizeable sum to be added to Arcada’s basic capital, and as we can use the returns from our basic capital in the coming years, we will have a significant addition to our funds. I was appointed Rector at Arcada in 2017 and took on my new role in May of 2018. Since my appointment and since I took office, hardly a day has gone by that I haven’t felt truly happy and proud of our Arcada. Arcada’s committed staff, our active and motivated students, our positive and dedicated trustees and partners all make up a unique resource. This shared belief in Arcada is something I want to make the most of and work for with my full capacity. My sincere thanks for the warm welcome that I have been accorded; I look forward to a good and rewarding co-operation with all parties for many years to come. Helsinki in April 2019 Mona Forsskåhl, PhD Professor, Rector Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2018 Rector's Review Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu International networks and projects Breadcrumb Erasmus+ Nordplus SeaFocus NOSEVA - Nordic Social Design for European Values Arcada, as a relatively small university of applied sciences, strongly believes in the added value of collaboration. We work actively to open doors internationally. By actively participating in various networks, we open up opportunities and promote cooperation and knowledge exchange. Collaboration takes place both within industry-specific networks and at university level. Erasmus+ is the European Union's programme to support education, training, youth and sport in Europe. Erasmus+ enriching lives, opening minds! The Nordplus Higher Education Programme is the Nordic Council of Ministers' mobility and network programme in the higher education sector for the Nordic and Baltic countries. Arcada is one of SeaFocus' academic partners. The partnership means that Arcada helps SeaFocus to further develop the Intelligence Hunt concept and to find the best resources for the companies participating in the competition by disseminating information about the project to the students. The University Consortium NOSEVA will nurture and develop education and research, based on European values for health, well-being, a sustainable society, a greener future and a good, redesigned life, formulated in the Council conclusions on a European strategy empowering higher education institutions for the future of Europe. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Collaborate with us International networks and projects Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Highlights 2020 Breadcrumb Annual Report 2020 Highlights 2020 On the main page of the annual report you can read more about key figures and what has been in focus during the year. Discover the highlights of 2020 at Arcada. Despite a challenging year, 2020 has been successful for Arcada. Click on the months to read the highlights. Our society has a great demand for skilled engineers who speak more than one language. This was the reason Arcada took a strategic decision to aim for broad engineering programmes with an interdisciplinary focus. At the same time, Arcada increased the goal for the number of engineering graduates. Arcada and Folkhälsan signed a major co-operation agreement. Now two Swedish-language actors will engage to work on integration in Swedish, personnel development, sports and education as well as large scale interdisciplinary research projects. The humanoid robots Amy and Alf arrived at Arcada from China and were introduced at Arcada’s virtual research fair Future Ready on 31 March. The robots were acquired for the Humanoid Service Robot Project (AFORA). One of the project aims is to teach students and personnel at Arcada more about robotics and how robots perform in different service sectors. In order to counter the negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, Arcada decided to offer the unemployed and laid-off access to Arcada continuing education, free of charge. A global comparison of 1900 universities of applied sciences ranked Arcada in the top 25 in the category of co-publishing with industry. Despite the pandemic forcing all activities online and with strict restrictions in place, 282 Arcada students still graduated. Arcada and Diak introduced a unique, bilingual nursing programme. The new programme introduces teaching in both Swedish and Finnish, but also features flexible online and on-campus teaching. The aim of the programme is to remedy the shortage of nurses capable of providing care in both Swedish and Finnish. In 2020 Arcada admitted a record number of nursing students. The Arcada campus was re-opened on 3 August after providing remote teaching since March. Arcada launched a new strategy “Arcada at the forefront – we put education and culture to work for a rewarding and sustainable life” for the period 2021–2030. Arcada will help foster a dynamic work life, a vigorous Swedish-language culture and a multi-cultural Finland. Other corner stones in the strategy are continuing education and life-long career support. Arcada has appointed Anne Söderlund the first affiliated professor in a move to enhance the Nordic profile. Söderlund is a professor of physiotherapy at Mälardalen University, Sweden. The Arcada short film Emotional Labour Club was nominated at the Helsinki International Film Festival. The film was produced by film and media students at Arcada and directed by Sofie Häkkinen. Emotional Labour Club was nominated in the domestic short film category. Arcada launched its first network of international student ambassadors, comprising both current students and an alumna. The ambassadors have an important role in marketing Arcada. They spread the word about Arcada by engaging in webinars, giving presentations, blogging and taking over the Arcada Instagram account for a while. Arcada already has a network of national ambassadors who visit schools all over the country and host visiting groups on campus. A donor’s wall was unveiled on 16 October. The unveiling took place virtually. The Donor’s wall is a collection of illuminated digital screens thanking donors to the fundraiser Tomorrow’s heroes - Made by Arcada. Arcada became the first Swedish-language SIMHE higher education institution in Finland. Arcada offers SIMHE services (Supporting Immigrants in Higher Education in Finland) which means the UAS supports highly educated immigrants in their further studies or career, in Swedish. A research project led by Arcada showed that self-managing teams show promise in the care of the elderly. Arcada broke the all-time record in the number of graduates. A total of 507 students graduated from Arcada. 71 of the graduates were engineers, equal to the record year 2015. On 17 December, module-based study plans with sustainability as the common denominator for all degree programmes, were approved. The new study plans are well in line with the agreement to promote sustainability that Arcada, together with all other Finnish universities of applied sciences, has signed. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2020 Highlights 2020 Something that was not a highlight, but nevertheless a big event, was when Arcada closed down campus due to COVID-19. On 16 March all activities were moved online. The humanoid robots Amy and Alf arrived at Arcada from China and were introduced at Arcada’s virtual research fair Future Ready on 31 March. The robots were acquired for the Humanoid Service Robot Project (AFORA). One of the project aims is to teach students and personnel at Arcada more about robotics and how robots perform in different service sectors. Arcada donated and lent medical equipment to hospitals as part of the UAS's effort to alleviate the consequences of COVID-19. Arcada concluded an agreement with, and became a member of, the Helsinki EU office. The membership will improve Arcada’s opportunities to act globally and to become a leading educator and research institute. Arcada and Diak introduced a unique, bilingual nursing programme. The new programme introduces teaching in both Swedish and Finnish, but also features flexible online and on-campus teaching. The aim of the programme is to remedy the shortage of nurses capable of providing care in both Swedish and Finnish. In 2020 Arcada admitted a record number of nursing students. The Arcada campus was re-opened on 3 August after providing remote teaching since March. Arcada launched a new strategy “Arcada at the forefront – we put education and culture to work for a rewarding and sustainable life” for the period 2021–2030. Arcada will help foster a dynamic work life, a vigorous Swedish-language culture and a multi-cultural Finland. Other corner stones in the strategy are continuing education and life-long career support. Arcada has appointed Anne Söderlund the first affiliated professor in a move to enhance the Nordic profile. Söderlund is a professor of physiotherapy at Mälardalen University, Sweden. The Arcada short film Emotional Labour Club was nominated at the Helsinki International Film Festival. The film was produced by film and media students at Arcada and directed by Sofie Häkkinen. Emotional Labour Club was nominated in the domestic short film category. Arcada launched its first network of international student ambassadors, comprising both current students and an alumna. The ambassadors have an important role in marketing Arcada. They spread the word about Arcada by engaging in webinars, giving presentations, blogging and taking over the Arcada Instagram account for a while. Arcada already has a network of national ambassadors who visit schools all over the country and host visiting groups on campus. A donor’s wall was unveiled on 16 October. The unveiling took place virtually. The Donor’s wall is a collection of illuminated digital screens thanking donors to the fundraiser Tomorrow’s heroes - Made by Arcada. Arcada became the first Swedish-language SIMHE higher education institution in Finland. Arcada offers SIMHE services (Supporting Immigrants in Higher Education in Finland) which means the UAS supports highly educated immigrants in their further studies or career, in Swedish. A research project led by Arcada showed that self-managing teams show promise in the care of the elderly. Arcada broke the all-time record in the number of graduates. A total of 507 students graduated from Arcada. 71 of the graduates were engineers, equal to the record year 2015. On 17 December, module-based study plans with sustainability as the common denominator for all degree programmes, were approved. The new study plans are well in line with the agreement to promote sustainability that Arcada, together with all other Finnish universities of applied sciences, has signed. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Strategic Partnerships Breadcrumb Quick links Folkhälsan Mälardalen University Kristiania University College Åland University of Applied Sciences Arcada and Folkhälsan Signs Comprehensive Agreement Arcada sharpens its Nordic profile - Anne Söderlund first affiliated professor Research collaboration Arcada enters into strategic partnerships with selected universities in the Nordic region and organisations in the community to promote the creation of joint education programmes and research projects. Arcada has partnership with Folkälsan since 2020. Folkhälsan is a versatile, modern non-profit organization operating in the field of social and health services. Folkhälsan’s activities include assistance, support, education, and care, being present at every stage of life. Founded in 1921, Folkhälsan employs today approximately 1,300 people. Our local associations across Swedish-speaking Finland have almost 19,000 members. Arcada has partnership with Mälardalen since 2019. MDH is one of Sweden’s largest HEIs, with 16 000 students reading courses and programmes in Business, Health, Engineering and Education. At MDH, research is conducted within all areas of education to address the challenges of society, and of this the research in future energy and embedded systems is internationally outstanding. MDH’s close cooperation with the private and public sectors enables us to help people feel better and the earth to last longer. MDH is located on both sides of Lake Mälaren, with campuses in Eskilstuna and Västerås. Kristiania University College is one of the oldest private institutions of higher education in Norway, established by Ernst G. Mortensen in 1914 as Norway’s first correspondence school, «Norsk Korrespondanseskole» (NKS). In its first year, NKS had 125 students; 15 years later it had 9,000 and during the Second World War it had more than 50,000 students. In 2017, Kristiania University College and Westerdals Oslo ACT merged. From September 2019 The Norwegian College of Musical Theatre and The Norwegian University College of Dance also joined Kristiania. Kristiania University College’s social responsibility is to offer study programmes and courses at different levels of education that are adapted to people with different qualifications, abilities and opportunities. Kristiania will educate candidates who will provide society with expertise, for both public and private sectors. We aim to contribute research-based knowledge, competence and practical learning for innovation and value creation. Åland University of Applied Sciences is located in the town of Mariehamn. It is a small university, which allows for close contact between teachers and students. Åland UAS offers degree programmes in Swedish in business administration, navigation, hospitality management, engineering (marine, electrical and IT) and health and caring sciences for a total of 600 students. Åland Open University offers around 100 academic courses, lectures and seminars annually. Close cooperation and interaction with those working in the field and the community is essential. A new collaboration will begin in February 2020 when Arcada and Folkhälsan signs a comprehensive agreement. &nbsp; Category: Press release Anne Söderlund, Professor in&nbsp;Physiotherapy at Mälardalen University, will be Arcada's first affiliated professor. With the appointment, Arcada wants to strengthen its Nordic network and research. Category: Press release The versatile and interdisciplinary research at Arcada offer companies and organisations many possibilities for collaboration. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Collaborate with us Strategic Partnerships Folkhälsan Mälardalen University Kristiania University College Åland University of Applied Sciences Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Highlights 2018 Breadcrumb Annual Report 2018 Highlights 2018 On the main page of the annual report you can read more about key figures and what has been in focus during the year. Here you can read more about the highlights of 2018 at Arcada. A new rector in May, a new organisation in August, a new sports hall and a successful fundraising campaign were some of the important events that will carry the school into the future. Click on the months to read the highlights. Arcada and SeaFocus deepened their cooperation as Arcada became an official academic partner of SeaFocus in February. Within the framework of the cooperation the partners planned to develop the Intelligence Hunt concept. Intelligence Hunt® is a SeaFocus project promoting the maritime industry as an attractive career path to university students, and providing maritime industry and its stakeholders a magnificent possibility to get out-of-the-box solutions and ideas. The Finnish Education Evaluation Centre (FINEEC) approved Arcada's quality assurance system for the next six years. The audit group concluded that a common and well-grounded quality culture exists and constitutes a good basis for the quality development of activities at Arcada. The review empahsised that, the governance, information, support and follow-up on research, development and innovation activities had improved since the last audit. Arcada's emergency care students came in second in the Finnish championships in resuscitation. The team consisted of Ellen Ahlström, Pia Halavakoski-Pråhl, Oskar Snellman, Freddy Österberg and Mattias Lindberg. In the competition CPR is given to an adult and the teams are judged on their performance. In addition to the actual resuscitation judges consider management, communication, division of labour and aftercare. In May, Arcada's new rector and CEO Professor Mona Forsskåhl took office. Forsskåhl has broad experience of teaching, research and leadership in various higher education institutions. Before coming to Arcada she held a professorship in Nordic languages at the University of Helsinki. She took over after Henrik Wolff, Arcada's first rector, who held the position for 23 years. Arcada and Novia formalised their coperation within education. From the autumn semester, it became possible for students to choose courses from the other UAS. Courses are offered in technology, business administration, and social and health care. The cooperation offers students the opportunity to broaden their networks and profile their degrees in new ways. Just in time for the new academic year the so called Chat square at the heart of the main building went through a major face-lift. Students and employees were involved in the planning and the design was then chosen to promote creative, functional, flexible study environments and sustainability. Arcada's plans to go ahead with an activity-based work environment was kick-started in August. The working group leading the way has visited several work environments that adhere to the activity-based principle. This way of working requires a completely new working culture within the organisation and new ways of doing the work. The key words for the project at Arcada are flexibility, communication, variation, accessibility, well-being and innovation. Arcada's and Finlandssvensk Idrott arranged their joint event Idrottskarusellen (the sport carousel) attracting 1200 pupils for the first time. The versatile sports day for primary school pupils is one of the biggest of its kind. Nearly sixty prospective sports instructors were involved in the day and were responsible for the planning and implementation of the activities. Arcada's production lab was transformed into a showroom for the international plastic company K.D Feddersen. The company chose to showcase some of its machines for plastic processing at the Arcada, including an injection molding machine and associated equipment. Through the collaboration, the possibilities for the prospective engineers are strengthened and in addition, the contact with the plastics industry is expanded, as companies have the opportunity to visit Arcada to test the state of the art equipment. The idea competition Arcada Mindventures sparked great interest among students at Arcada. The competition was arranged for the second time and this year it was Myles Klynhout who took home the prize with his language learning application 'GoConVo'. Arcada Mindventures encourages entrepreneurship among students, as they have the opportunity to present and receive feedback on their ideas by a jury consisting of successful alumni. The fundraising campaign of Tomorrow's Heroes - Made by Arcada exceeded its goal with fund raised totalling 6.2 million euros. The campaign phase of the fundraising ended in December. The fantastic outcome was the result of dedicated work as well as incredible support from companies, foundations, associations, staff, alumni, students, the external campaign committee and other partners. Arcada's fundraising continues. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2018 Highlights 2018 The foundation stone of Arcadahallen was laid in January. The unique eight-storey building on Arcada's campus combines student housing with state-of-the-art sports facilities. Building a sports hall on top of an apartment building has never been done in Finland before. The student housing is a joint venture together with Hanken School of Economics. The annual recruitment and networking event My Future Work attracted a record number of companies and organisations to Arcada. Some fifty exhibitors and about 600 students participated. This year, caompanies and organisations from Sweden participated for the first time. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Events and Venues Breadcrumb Main menu How can we help? Maria von Bonsdorff-Hermunen Event Services Contact our Event Manager for an offer tailored according to your needs! Arrange your event at Arcada! We offer versatile facilities and all-round services for any event - big or small. We have different types of spaces ranging from auditoriums, classrooms to cabinets and meeting rooms. All rooms are equipped with modern technology. Our main building completed in 2004 offers light and airy spaces. You can host anything from small workshops and formal meetings to major conferences, followed by a festive dinner. We alsp help you with everything needed for events, meetings and seminars. You can choose to simply rent a venue for your event or take one of our conferences packages and let us handle everything from eventpages and registrations to feedback forms. Arcada's Event Manager is always at your disposal. Event Manager E-mail: congress@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 503 Arcada is located in Arabianranta only 6 km from the centre of Helsinki. Address: Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 1 00560 Helsinki You can choose to simply rent a venue for your event or let us handle everything from event pages and registrations to feedback forms. Arcada's Event Manager is always at your disposal! Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Services Events and Venues Event Services Meeting rooms Square Auditorium Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Labs and Testing Services Breadcrumb Main menu Laboratory and simulation services Arcada Patient Safety and Learning Centre (APSLC) Arcada Production Laboratory Arcadas eBusiness Lab Arcada Studio "Multihallen" More information Maria Jurvelius Sports Performance Testing Campus and study environments Do you need to test a new product or carry out a simulation for educational purposes? Or do you want to increase your personal performance and want to know your maximum oxygen uptake capacity? At Arcada you will find versatile lab and test services! In our labs and simulation facilites you have the opportunity to test both services and products. Work with us to take your operations to the next level! Key Account Manager E-mail: maria.jurvelius@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 746 Arcada offers advanced sports performance testing at the test laboratory situated in Helsinki. The testing is supervised by fitness testing specialists. We offer a comprehensive range of tests, including endurance assessments on treadmills or bicycle ergometer and body composition analysis using InBody technology. Arcada is much more than just a university of applied sciences - on our campus you can build your future! Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Services Lab and Testing Services Sports Performance Testing simulation of intensive care and maternity wards care spaces simulation in home environment 3D printing materiallab production facilities eyetracker sound studio studio for film production Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Auditorium Breadcrumb How can we help? Big Auditorium Small Auditorium Events and Venues Contact our Event Manager for an offer tailored according to your needs! The Big and Small Auditorium at Arcada is perfect if you need to arrange seminars for a bigger group. The Big Auditorium is a well equiped space where you can host meetings for 270 persons. Standard equipment is beamer, computer. Thanks to the second beamer a chatwall is possible. Online streaming and seminar recording can easily be arrangd in this room The Small Auditorium is a well equiped space where you can host meetings for 98 persons. Standard equipment is beamer, computer. Online streaming and seminar recording can easily be arranged in this room Arrange your event at Arcada! We offer versatile facilities and all-round services for any event - big or small. We have different types of spaces ranging from auditoriums, classrooms to cabinets and meeting rooms. All rooms are equipped with modern technology. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Services Events and Venues Auditorium Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Square Breadcrumb How can we help? Big Square Small square Contact our Event Manager for an offer tailored according to your needs! Welcome to the Big and Small Square! Here you can arrange everything from seated dinners to fairs and bigger public events. At our Big Square you can arrange cocktailparties for up to 400 persons or seating dinners for 200 persons. The Big Square is perfect for different kinds of fairs. On request microphones and speakers can be borrowed. At our Small Square you can arrange cocktailparties for up to 200 persons or seating dinners for 120 persons. The Small Square is perfect for smaller fairs. On request microphones and speakers can be borrowed. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Services Events and Venues Square Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Meeting rooms Breadcrumb How can we help? Cabinet Runeberg and Pacius Arbit Classroom Events and Venues Event Services Contact our Event Manager for an offer tailored according to your needs! In these rooms you can arrange workshops or important meeting. Our modern and bright group rooms can accommodate 20-70 people. These spaces have video cannon and whiteboard as standard equipment. Laptops are available on request. The seating arrangement can be changed according to the customer's wishes if necessary. Wifi available in all rooms. Our well-equipped cabinets are suitable for smaller meetings and workshops with a maximum of 20 participants. The cabinets are rented for a full day and by the hour. This room is well suited for group work and meetings. The room has five tables with space for four people at each table. In the centre of the room there is a sitting area with seating for four people. At each work table there are screens with a data connection. Laptops are available on request. In our modern classrooms you can arrange meeting. Standard equipment beamer and whiteboard. Laptops are available on request. Arrange your event at Arcada! We offer versatile facilities and all-round services for any event - big or small. We have different types of spaces ranging from auditoriums, classrooms to cabinets and meeting rooms. All rooms are equipped with modern technology. You can choose to simply rent a venue for your event or let us handle everything from event pages and registrations to feedback forms. Arcada's Event Manager is always at your disposal! Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Services Events and Venues Meeting rooms Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Corporate Governance Breadcrumb Quick links Articles of association Internal control Independent supervision Auditors The Arcada University of Applied Sciences is maintained by Arcada University of Applied Sciences Ltd. on the basis of a licence granted by the government in plenary session. Arcada University of Applied Sciences Ltd. is wholly owned by the Arcada Foundation. The general framework for Arcada’s activities is defined in Arcada’s instructions. Arcada’s activities are also regulated by: Arcada’s senior administration consists of the Board and rector of Arcada University of Applied Sciences Ltd. Arcada University of Applied Sciences' articles of association establish, among other things, the corporate's company name and operations. The purpose of internal control is to ensure that operations are effective and efficient in order to achieve the goals, that Arcada follows the laws, regulations and internal regulations and that the information Arcada publishes is reliable and accurate. Internal control also includes risk assessment and management. The board of Arcada University of Applied Sciences Ltd. Ltd is responsible for internal control. The Annual General Meeting of Arcada University of Applied Sciences annually elects one auditor and one deputy auditor to review the accounting, financial statements and administration. The auditors must be auditors approved by the Finland Chamber of Commerce (CGR, GRM) or audit associations (CGR or GRM association). Auditing Society EY Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Organisation Corporate Governance Articles of association Internal control Independent supervision current legislation relating to universities of applied science and limited liability companies Arcada’s operating licence (granted by the government in plenary session) instructions from the Ministry of Education and Culture The articles of association of the Arcada University of Applied Sciences Ltd. and Arcada’s internal policy documents Arcada’s strategy, operational plan and the Finnish Corporate Governance Code Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu MEDA Publications Breadcrumb MEDA Projects MEDA Publications Projects in MEDA Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Research Key research activities MEDA MEDA Publications Stocchetti, Matteo, 2025. AI and the Politics of Higher Education – The Good, the Bad and the Ignorant. Politiikasta, January 23, 2024. https://politiikasta.fi/en/ai-and-the-p… Espinosa-Leal Leonardo, Stocchetti Matteo, 2025. “On the Meaning of Trust, Reasons of Fear and the Metaphors of AI: Ideology, Ethics, and Fear”. Ebook Series: Frontiers in Artificial Intelligence and Applications. Proceedings of Robophilosophy 2024, 19–23 August 2024, Aarhus University, Denmark, and online. Räisä, T., & Stocchetti, M. (2024). Epistemic injustice and education in the digital age. Journal of Digital Social Research, 6(3), 1-9. DOI: 10.33621/jdsr.v6i3.33235 Biström, D., Adolfsson, K.K., Stocchetti, M. (2024). Open-Source Software and Digital Sovereignty. In: Auer, M.E., Langmann, R., May, D., Roos, K. (eds) Smart Technologies for a Sustainable Future. STE 2024. Lecture Notes in Networks and Systems, vol 1027. Springer, Cham. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-61891… Stocchetti Matteo, 2024. Freedom of expression and genocide. PEN Finland. December 2024. https://www.suomenpen.fi/en/matteo-stoc… Räisä, T., & Stocchetti, M. (2024). Epistemic injustice and education in the digital age. Journal of Digital Social Research, 6(3), 1-9. DOI: 10.33621/jdsr.v6i3.33235 Biström, D., Adolfsson, K.K., Stocchetti, M. (2024). Open-Source Software and Digital Sovereignty. In: Auer, M.E., Langmann, R., May, D., Roos, K. (eds) Smart Technologies for a Sustainable Future. STE 2024. Lecture Notes in Networks and Systems, vol 1027. Springer, Cham. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-61891… Stocchetti, M. (2023). ‘Indeterminacy, Performativity and the ‘Dialectics of the Real’. The Problem of Knowledge in the Analysis of Visual Politics’. In Darren Lilleker & Anastasia Veneti, Research Handbook in Visual Politics, Cheltenham: Edward Elgar Publishing, p. 335-344. Räisä, T. (2022). Family relations: Emotional overload. I K. Kopecka-Piech & M. Sobiech, (Red.). Mediatisation of Emotional Life. Routledge. Routledge Research in Cultural and Media Studies. (s. 151-167) https://doi.org/10.4324/9781003254287-13 Palviainen, Å., & Räisä, T. (2022). The Winding Road to Accessing the Voices of One Thousand Schoolchildren: A Nexus Analysis of Collecting Data for a Survey. Scandinavian Journal of Educational Research, 66(5), s. 793-807. https://doi.org/10.1080/00313831.2021.1… Palviainen, Å., & Räisä, T. (2022). ”Pikkuhiljaa hem å äta.” Flerspråkighet och multimodalitet i en familjechat. I K., Lepistö, R., Kosunen & E., Risto, E. (Red.). Humanisten med många roller: en festskrift till Paula Rossi på hennes 60-årsdag. (s. 243-262). Uleåborg: Studia Humaniora Ouluensia, Palviainen, Å., & Räisä, T. (2022). Tusen och en röst: Barn och deras föräldrar om familjen, språk och appar. I Svenskan i Finland. S. Björklund, B. Haagensen, M. Nordman & A. Westerlund (Red.). Skrifter utgivna av Svensk-Österbottniska samfundet (nr 82. s. 9-29). Vasa: Svensk-Österbottniska Samfundet. The Smorgasbord is Served! Toward an elective, Participatory and Mobile Ethnography (u.a.). Stocchetti, M. (2022). ‘Knowledge, Democracy and the Politics of (cyber)fear”. In Rivista di Digital Politics. vol. II, 3, pp. 349-366 Stocchetti, Matteo. (2022). Post-truth and the ‘great transformation’ of political reality in the digital age. European Journal of Communication. 37. 026732312210896. 10.1177/02673231221089623. Arola, A. and Stocchetti M. 2022. ‘Sustainable Health, Inequalities and Occupational Therapy: what role for the media?’ In Rainer Rubira-García, R., Gomes-Franco e Silva, F. and Caffarel-Serra, C. eds. Experiencias globales de la investigación y la innovación docente sobre comunicación en tiempos de crisis. ORBICOM, pp. 75-93 Jaakkola, M., & Räisä, T. (2021). Kirja-arvostelut alustataloudessa – esimerkkinä käyttäjälähtöiset arvostelut Instagramissa. Media & Viestinä 44(2), s. 45-68. https://doi.org/10.23983/mv.109859 Pusa, Tatja; Stocchetti, Matteo, 2021. Re-thinking Bildung in the digital age: critical notes. Kiukas, Carina; Ståhl, Tore; Tigerstedt, Christa; Haldin, Denice (2021) Utforskning av pedagogisk praktik - en drivkraft för framtidens Arcada. Helsinki: Arcada Publikation 2/2021. Pp. 219-234. Sumiala, J., & Räisä, T. (2020). ‘Our words are stronger’: re-enforcing boundaries through ritual work in a terrorist news event. International Journal of Cultural Studies, 23(3), 422-438. https://doi.org/10.1177/1367877919895992 Ainiala, T., Räisä, T., & Sjöblom, P. (2020). Mediakeskustelun välittämä Tampereen yliopiston nimenvalintaprosessi osallistujien roolien, positioiden ja argumenttien valossa. Puhe ja Kieli, 40(1), 1–22. https://doi.org/10.23997/pk.95494 Stocchetti, M. 2020. ‘Introduction: Technology, Society and Education’. In M. Stocchetti ed. The Digital Age and Its Discontents. Critical Reflections in Education. Helsinki: Helsinki University Press, pp. 1-29. Stocchetti, M. ed. 2020. The Digital Age and Its Discontent. Helsinki: Helsinki University Press (available open access). https://doi.org/10.33134/HUP-4 Stocchetti, M. 2020. ‘(Dis)Information, Neoliberalism and the Strength of Democracy in the Digital Age’, in G. Terzis, D. Kloza, E. Kużelewska and D. Trottier (eds.) Disinformation and Digital Media as a Challenge for Democracy, Intersentia, Cambridge 2020, pp. 47-80. Stocchetti, Matteo 2020. The crisis and its responses in formal education: ambivalence, ideology and the suppression of death. Camilla Wikstrom Grotell & Nathalie Hyde-Clarke, eds. Higher education during COVID-19 and future competences. Helsinki: Arcada Publikation 3/2020 Pp. 110 - Stocchetti, M. 2020. ‘Editorial: The digital age and its discontents’. Educational Philosophy and Theory, https://doi.org/10.1080/00131857.2020.1738891 Rajala Anne, Lindblom Daniel and Matteo Stocchetti, eds. (forthcoming). The Political Economy of Local Cinema: A Critical Approach. Frankfurt am Main: Peter Lang. Tana, J., Eirola, E. and Eriksson-Backa, K. (2019a). Rhythmicity of health information behaviour: utilizing the infodemiology approach to study temporal patterns and variations. Aslib Journal of Information Management, Ahead-of-print, https://doi.org/10.1108/AJIM-01-2019-0029 Tana, J., Eirola, E. and Eriksson-Backa, K. (2019b). The aspect of time in online health information behaviour: a longitudinal extensive analysis of the Suomi24 discussion forum. Informaatiotutkimus, 38(2). https://doi.org/10.23978/inf.83315 Li, Y. J., Cheung, C. M., Shen, X. L., & Lee, M. K. (2019). Health Misinformation on Social Media: A Literature Review. In 23rd Pacific Asia Conference on Information Systems (PACIS 2019). Ståhl, Tore. (2019). Epistemic Beliefs and Googling. Frontline Learning Research, 7(3), 27-63. https://doi.org/10.14786/flr.v7i3.417 Räisä, T. (2018). Med Sverige som förebild och varnande exempel: reflektioner av finska mediers valbevakning 2018. Nordicom Information. 40(2), 66–73. https://www.nordicom.gu.se/sites/defaul… Liu, S. (2018). Understanding AI, its Recent Developments and Implications. Presentation at FPSA (Finnish Political Science Association) Annual Conference, March 9, 2018, Turku Stocchetti Matteo (2018), Invisibility, Inequality and the Dialectics of the Real in the Digital Age. INTERAÇÕES: SOCIEDADE E AS NOVAS MODERNIDADES 34. pp. 23-46. Stocchetti Matteo (2017), ‘Digital visuality and Social Representation. Research Notes on the Visual Construction of Meaning’. KOME. An International Journal of Pure Communication Inquiry. Volume 5 Issue 2, p. 38-56. Stocchetti Matteo, (2017). ‘Persona and Parrhesia: Research Notes on the Dialectics of the the real’. In Persona Studies, vol. 3, no. 1. Stocchetti Matteo, (2017). ‘Re-making the Truth in the Digital Age. Parrhesia and Human Interest’. In Comunicazioni Sociali. Journal of Media, Performing Arts and Cultural Studies, N. 3, 405-414. Ståhl, T. (2017). How ICT savvy are Digital Natives actually? Nordic Journal of Digital Literacy, 12(3), 89-108. doi:10.18261/ISSN.1891-943X-2017-03-04 Ståhl, T. (2017). ICT savvy Digital Natives? Arcada Working Papers, (5), 9.11.2017. Available: http://urn.fi/URN:ISBN:978-952-5260-82-3 Räisä, T. (2016). Medieritualer som klass- och kulturbundna diskurser och funktioner. Hufvudstadsbladets lucia och konstruktionen av Svenskfinland. Diss. Nordica Helsingiensia/47.Unigrafia: Helsingfors. http://urn.fi/URN:ISBN:978-951-51-2827-0 Räisä, T. (2016). Television formats as media ritual work practices: discourses of freedom, nationalism and good neighbours. I K. Aveyard, A. Moran, A. & P.M-J. Jensen (Red.) New Patterns in Global Television Formats. (s. 187-199). Bristol: Intellect. Stocchetti Matteo, (2016) ‘The Culture Industry and the Future of Film Schools: Notes For Resistance’. In Semerdjiev S. and others (eds.). The 21st Century Film/TV School. Stocchetti, M. (2016). The way forward: The dawn of the post-digital age in education. E-Learning: Practices, lessons learned and the way forward, Eds: N. Hyde-Clarke & C. Wikström-Grotell. Helsinki: Arcada. 31-52. Ståhl, T. (2016). ‘On investigating the individual in the contemporary ICT and media environment’. Arcada Working Papers, (9), 21.12.2016. doi:10.13140/RG.2.2.14755.86569. Available: http://urn.fi/URN:ISBN:978-952-5260-77-9 Matteo Stocchetti, (2016). ‘Storytelling and Education in the Digital AgeExperience and Criticism’. Frankfurt am Main: Peter Lang. Stocchetti, M. (2015) ‘Critical Pedagogies and Film Education in Neoliberal Times: Notes for Educators Who Haven’t Given Up’. In Critical Pedagogies in Neoliberal Times, Vol. 3(2). Available from http://www.teachingmedia.org/critical-pedagogies-film-education-in-neoliberal-times-notes-for-educators-who-havent-given-up/ Stocchetti Matteo, (2015) ‘Making Futures: The Politics of Media Education’. In Kotilainen S. and Kupiainen R. eds. Media Education Futures. Nordicom: Clearing House Göteborg. Stocchetti Matteo (2014), Images and Power in the Digital Age: The Political Role of Digital Visuality. Kome. An International Journal of Pure Communication Inquiry. Volume 2 Issue 2, p.1-16. Stocchetti, Matteo ed. (2014). Media and Education in the Digital Age: Concepts, Assessments, Subversions. Frankfurt am Main: Peter Lang. Stocchetti, Matteo (2014). ‘Images and Power in the Digital Age. The Political Role of Digital Visuality’. Arcada Working Papers 1/2014. Stocchetti Matteo (2013a) “The Great Transformation Three Centuries Later: double movement, ‘marketspeak’ and sacrifice”. In José Filipe Silva & Alejandro Lorite Escorihuela eds. COLLeGIUM. Studies Across Disciplines in the Humanities and Social Sciences, 14. Helsinki: Helsinki Collegium for Advanced Studies, 2013, pages 210–226. Stocchetti Matteo, (2013b) ‘Critical Thinking and Cultural Recycling: Research notes for the educational use of bad movies’. Trash Culture Journal ,Vol. 1 No. 1. Pages 42-65 Stocchetti, Matteo Karin Kukkonen (2011). ‘Critical Media Analysis. An Introduction for Media Professionals’. Frankfurt am Main: Peter Lang. Eskola, M, Räisä, T. & Stenius, H. (2011). Identity construction and modernity in Finland: Borders, ruptures and significant others. I A. Ichijo (Red.), Europe, Nations and Modernity (s. 183-207). Basingstoke: Palgrave Macmillan. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu My Future Work 19.01.2021 10:00-13:00 - Stora torget Arcadas nätverksevenemang My Future Work erbjuder ett utmärkt tillfälle för dig och din organisation att få kontakt med framtidens experter! Har du som arbetsgivare behov av en proffsig undersökning, extrahjälp eller kanske en ny medlem till ditt team? Genom att delta i My Future Work når du ut till våra studenter och knyter nya kontakter. Möjligheten att direkt träffa personen bakom ansökan eller CV:n hjälper dig att hitta rätt kompetenser och attrahera ny arbetskraft. Tisdagen den 14 januari 2020 kl. 10.00-13.00 samlas studenter, arbetslivsrepresentanter och utbildningsexperter på Stora torget på Arcada. Utöver värdefullt nätverkande innehåller dagen utmärkta rekryteringsmöjligheter och tillfälle att lyssna på framstående, inbjudna talare. Förutom mässan på Stora torget och intressanta föreläsningar - öppna för såväl studenter som utställare och Arcadapersonal – arrangeras en CV-klinik och möjlighet till Flash mentoring. Vid frågor får du gärna kontakta evenemangsansvarig Susanna Grönblom: susanna.gronblom@arcada.fi, +358 207 699 514. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Event Services Breadcrumb How can we help? Event package Catering Other Services Meeting rooms Square Auditorium Contact our Event Manager for an offer tailored according to your needs! You can choose to simply rent a venue for your event or let us handle everything from event pages and registrations to feedback forms. Arcada's Event Manager is always at your disposal! • event page for the event • registration page with participation fees - postal correspondence • nameplates and participant lists • reception of participants • if catering is needed, we take in quotes for catering, flowers, etc. We collaborate with Compass Group, which has extensive experience in arranging everything from small breakfasts to large dinners. Compass Group serves well-composed menus for both seated dinners and buffets. Feel free to contact us for more information about food and drink in connection with your event! • furniture for exhibitions and seminars, poster screens (additional costs will be added) • securityservices (additional costs will be added, mandatory on weekends) • goods receipt of conference materials sent to Arcada In these rooms you can arrange workshops or important meeting. Welcome to the Big and Small Square! Here you can arrange everything from seated dinners to fairs and bigger public events. The Big and Small Auditorium at Arcada is perfect if you need to arrange seminars for a bigger group. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Services Events and Venues Event Services Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Arcadahallen Breadcrumb Quick links The gym The sports hall Athletic and Fitness Testing Sports Performance Testing Welcome to the sports hall of the future! Arcadahallen is a unique exercise facility: a modern sports hall with top amenities that has been built on top of five stories of student apartments! The new Arcadahallen features a modern gym, a state-of-the-art test laboratory and a sports hall for ball games and gymnastics. The gym is equipped with advanced training equipment that support the current exercise methods. In the test laboratory, customers can take part in fitness tests, such as oxygen uptake tests, body composition measurements and various musculoskeletal tests. When the sports hall itself was being built, the focus was on supporting the exercise needed for improving the capabilities of certain sports. The sports hall and the gym provide high-quality and suitable premises for health and wellbeing fields’ students at Arcada, especially the future sports instructors and physical therapists. The test laboratory supports the teaching and research of sports, mobility and exercise. At the same time, Arcadahallen also serves the nearby areas, as the premises are rented out to other operators. The hall welcomes all, both the future top athletes in the capital city area and the everyday exercisers who work out just to stay fit. The test laboratory has been designed to serve a wide range of customer groups and enable affordable fitness testing. Train in a gym with a view over the entire Arabianranta! The Arcadahallen gym is located on the seventh floor and it has been designed for the purposes of both professional athletes and regular fitness fans. The gym features state-of-the-art equipment, providing a place for balanced and varied exercise. The gym has training equipment, free weights and benches and racks, so it suits the needs of both functional training and more traditional exercise methods. Arcada's future sports instructors and physical therapists use the gym in their studies. In size, the sports hall is equal to a full-sized basketball court, and this light and airy space is perfect for ball games, gymnastics and group exercise classes. The hall has equipment for e.g. the following sports: The hall is used by students in health and welfare, but it is also rented to external parties. The hall can be reserved for repeated, long-term activities. All equipment is included in the rent, but personal equipment can also be stored at the hall. The hall also features an AV system. The Arcadahallen has a modern and high-quality fitness testing station. There is a wide range of tests available, and the individual tests can be customised to the customer’s needs. The tests are performed under experts’ supervision. The test selection includes endurance testing on a treadmill or with a bicycle ergometer, muscular fitness tests, body composition measurements and explosive strength tests.The customer will receive personal, detailed feedback for each test, including the reference values. Arcada offers advanced sports performance testing at the test laboratory situated in Helsinki. The testing is supervised by fitness testing specialists. We offer a comprehensive range of tests, including endurance assessments on treadmills or bicycle ergometer and body composition analysis using InBody technology. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Campus and study environments Arcadahallen The gym The sports hall Athletic and Fitness Testing Basketball Handball Floorball Badminton Volleyball Gymnastics Group exercise classes Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Payment terms Breadcrumb Claim monitoring is handled by Visma Amili Oy´s invoicing service. All questions regarding the invoice (after sending to invoice) should be discussed with Visma, phone: 02 4808 8020, e-mail fsf.asiakaspalvelu@visma.com Payment of the invoice must always be made to the bank account indicated on the invoice and reference number should be used (reference payment). Delayed payment leads to delay interest (7 % p.a.) and collection fees. Arcada UAS is keeping the right to deny persons from participating in courses or getting other services in case of overdue invoices. If you have any questions, please contact Arcada UAS economic department by phone +358 294 282 699 or e-mail laskutus@arcada.fi Arcada UAS takes into account requests regarding recipient of the invoice and terms for payment before the due date. We charge 25 euros + VAT 25,5 % for changes. Any questions after due date should be addressed to Visma invoicing service. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Payment terms Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu International collaboration Breadcrumb International networks and projects Exchange studies Strategic Partnerships Key research activities Arcada new member of Helsinki EU Office Arcada sharpens its Nordic profile - Anne Söderlund first affiliated professor Arcada takes next step in Ethics and AI research – Roberto V. Zicari new affiliated professor Arcada builds Nordic cooperation for global relevance. The international dimension runs like a common thread through all operations. An international study and work environment is a natural part of our daily life. Today, we are one of the most international higher education institutiones in Finland in terms of both the share of international students and staff. A telling example is that among our approximately 2,700 students there are over 60 nationalities. Diversity is seen as a resource and driving force for quality. At Arcada the development of the international dimensions of our operations is a strategic choice. Our roadmap for internationalisation provides guidelines and ensures that international activities are included in all operations. The roadmap focuses on the integration of international and intercultural dimensions in the organizational culture and the studies. We maintain our local relevance by collaborating and focusing on global issues. This is done through strategic partnerships within the Nordic region. Partnerships, which promote both research and education. By actively collaborating within international networks we co-create tomorrow's smart solutions. All in an effort to promote our students' opportunities for an international career as well as a rewarding and sustainable life. Arcada, as a relatively small university of applied sciences, strongly believes in the added value of collaboration. We work actively to open doors internationally. Come on an exchange to Arcada! Arcada has about 120 partner insitutions around the world and welcomes about 70 exchange students each year. Around 50 nationalities are represented in Arcada, partly within the English degree programs and partly through student, teacher and expert exchanges. Arcada enters into strategic partnerships with selected universities in the Nordic region and organisations in the community to promote the creation of joint education programmes and research projects. Follow our current key projects. The common denominator - creating smart solutions for the future. Arcada has signed a long-term agreement with the Helsinki EU Office. The office supervises the interests of its members in Brussels, and promotes cooperation in the Helsinki metropolitan area. Category: News Anne Söderlund, Professor in&nbsp;Physiotherapy at Mälardalen University, will be Arcada's first affiliated professor. With the appointment, Arcada wants to strengthen its Nordic network and research. Category: Press release Professor Roberto V. Zicari, founder of the Frankfurt Big Data Lab at Goethe University and leading the Z-Inspection® initiative, becomes one of Arcada’s affiliated professors. With the appointment, Arcada wants to further strengthen its focus on research in artificial intelligence, especially knowledge of ethical issues related to the field.&nbsp; Category: Press release Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services International collaboration Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Cookies Breadcrumb How do we use cookies? Necessary functional cookies Cookies for development of our services Cookie management A cookie is a small text file that is saved to, and, during subsequent visits, retrieved from your computer or mobile device. If you use our services, we will assume that you agree to the use of such cookie. We use both first- and third-party cookies to collect statistics and user data in aggregate and individual form in analysis tools to optimize our site and to present you with relevant marketing material. We use session cookies for example when you fill in forms or to check whether you are logged in. We also use third-party cookies which performs cross-site tracking in order for us to give you marketing in other sites/channels. You can easily erase cookies from your computer or mobile device using your browser. For instructions on how to handle and delete cookies please look under "Help" in your browser. You can choose to disable cookies, or to receive a notification each time a new cookie is sent to your computer or mobile device. Please note that if you choose to disable cookies, you will not be able to take advantage of all our features. Edit cookie settings Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cookies Facebook pixel privacy policy Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Digitaalinen muotoilu Further education / Business Breadcrumb What kind of image do you want to create for your company? How do you create a credible and comprehensive corporate image where all parts support each other? Come and take over the corporate image! Please note that this course is held in Finnish. For more information about the course content, please visit the Finnish course page. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Digitaalinen muotoilu Price 450 € + 0% VAT Conductor Ammattikorkeakoulu Arcada Language Finnish Scope 30 ECTS Course dates 04.09.2023-29.12.2023 Last application date 16.08.2023 Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Nordplus Breadcrumb The Nordplus Higher Education Programme is the Nordic Council of Ministers' mobility and network programme in the higher education sector for the Nordic and Baltic countries. The Nordplus collaboration, which can include network activities, intensive courses, joint study programs, development projects and mobility for students and academic staff, takes place within networks consisting of at least three universities from three countries. Arcada is participating in both subject specific networks and interdisciplinary networks. Student and teacher exchanges, internships and joint intensive courses are the most common form of activities within Nordplus. For further information on the Nordplus program, visit nordplusonline.org Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services International collaboration International networks and projects Nordplus Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Integration Support and Services Breadcrumb SIMHE-client Elodie Magnier Contact us Ulla Nyberg Talent Boost Arcada supports integration in Swedish – becomes the first Swedish-language SIMHE educational institution in Finland Arcada develops services for those who want to integrate with Swedish as their first language. Arcada's SIMHE status gives us the opportunity to support you along the way. The services will be developed during the years 2021 - 2024. Initially we offer guidance and counselling services for identifying appropriate educational and career paths. The support for integration in Swedish is important not only for Arcada but for the whole of Finnish society. As of 2021, Arcada has the status of SIMHE institution. SIMHE stands for Supporting Immigrants in Higher Education. This means that we are tasked with developing guidance and services that support the integration of immigrants with preconditions for higher education. The services will include guidance and counselling for identifying appropriate educational and career paths as well as language studies, validation and supplementation of competence. Arcada has a special responsibility for developing services for those who want to integrate with Swedish as their first language. Read more about Elodie Magner's experience with SIMHE guidance in the article Direction for the career from SIMHE guidance – A journalist and an administrative worker gained new ideas from career guidance . We offer guidance and counselling for identifying appropriate educational and career paths at Karriärcenter Arabia, online or on campus in the Arcada building. You can view the counsellors profiles and book an appointment. All services are free of charge. Career Counsellor E-mail: ulla.nyberg@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 553 Other higher education institutions with SIMHE services for those who wish to integrate with Finnish as their first language. SIMHE is part of the national Talent Boost programme. Talent Boost is a cross-administrative programme designed to boost the immigration and integration of senior specialists, employees, students and researchers. Among the measures taken are e.g. speeding up the residence permit application process, advancing the employment of international students, promote Swedish and Finnish language learning and increasing receptiveness and diversity in the workplace, developing support for spouses and providing mentorship programmes. Arcada’s Talent Boost service promise (to the Ministry of Education and Culture) 2021–2024 consists of measures for supporting the integration of students and researchers in the Finnish society and the Finnish labour market. Arcada is the first Swedish-language SIMHE higher education institution in Finland. Category: Press release Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Services Support for integration Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Digital Service Development Further education / Business Breadcrumb Apply! Course contents Assessment methods Contact us about the course Mikael Forsström Are you interested in developing new digital services within tourism? In this course you will learn how to utilize design thinking and the design sprint method to be able to introduce a new service to a market. Application is open 5.9-10.10.2022. In this course you will get an introduction to digital business development in a tourism context. You will get an understanding of what it takes to create a positive customer experience with a goal to deliver real value at every single customer touch point. At the end of the course you will: The course consists of both lectures and self-studies. Lectures will be held at the following times: 25.10.2022 08:30 - 12:30 F365 Digital Service Development 01.11.2022 08:30 - 12:30 F365 Digital Service Development 08.11.2022 08:30 - 12:30 F365 Digital Service Development 15.11.2022 08:30 - 12:30 F365 Digital Service Development 22.11.2022 08:30 - 12:30 F365 Digital Service Development 29.11.2022 08:30 - 12:30 F365 Digital Service Development 07.12.2022 08:30 - 12:30 F365 Digital Service Development 13.12.2022 08:30 - 12:30 F365 Digital Service Development 20.12.2022 08:30 - 12:30 F365 Digital Service Development Dates will be announced later in the course. Senior Lecturer in Digital Marketing E-mail: mikael.forsstrom@arcada.fi Phone number: 040 510 82 58 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Digital Service Development Price 75 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 24.10.2022-31.12.2022 Last application date 10.10.2022 Entry requirements Understanding of the basics of tourism. understand new emerging technologies in the field be able to analyse and improve different online services be able to develop strategies for a multi-device and multi-channel approach be familiar with the customer-oriented approach and be able to implement it to reach customers online be able to monitor and analyse customer experiences across various touch points be able to optimize for better experiences and interactions based on multiple metrics be familiar with the design sprint method and know how to use it when bringing a new service to the market Content marketing Usability tests Traffic Analysis Conversions Search Engine Optimization Customer Experience Journey Design thinking Design sprint method Demonstrations and proficiency exams Essays, reports, productions and portfolio Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Distribution Channels Further education / Business Breadcrumb Apply now! Course contents: Contact us about the course Anna Wehren This course offers a comprehensive picture of the different types of distribution channels in the travel industry. Are you interested in getting a broad perspective on developments in this area? Then we highly recommend this course! Apply by latest 10.1.2023 In this course you will get an introduction to analyzing the complexity of digital channels for distribution in travel and tourism. At the end of the course you will be able to: The course consists of both lectures and self-studies. The course is held online, with the possibility of attending voluntary activities on campus if desired. Lectures will be held at the following times: 17.01.2023 13:00 - 15:30 B518 Distribution Channels 24.01.2023 13:00 - 15:30 B518 Distribution Channels 31.01.2023 13:00 - 15:30 B518 Distribution Channels 07.02.2023 13:00 - 15:30 B518 Distribution Channels 21.02.2023 13:00 - 15:30 B518 Distribution Channels 28.02.2023 13:00 - 15:30 B518 Distribution Channels 07.03.2023 13:00 - 15:30 B518 Distribution Channels Senior Lecturer in Business Administration E-mail: anna.wehren@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 772 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Distribution Channels Price 75 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 17.01.2023-07.03.2023 Last application date 10.01.2023 Entry requirements Introduction to the Tourism Industry, Introduction to Marketing or similar knowledge. understand the distribution system of travel and tourism services. describe the key characteristics of distribution channels such as Online Travel Agents (OTAs), Meta-travel search sites and Global Distribution Systems (GDSs). understand sharing economy and its impact on travel distribution conduct a small-scale study on tourists' booking-behavior Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Tourism in a Changing World Further education / Business Breadcrumb Maria Blomstedt Former student of Tourism in a changing world Apply now! The courses The tourism industry is transforming and adapting to a new normal after the pandemic. This study package consists of six highly relevant tourism and hospitality courses designed to refresh and enhance your expertise in contemporary tourism. You can also choose to sign up for the courses separately. Apply by latest 16.08.2021. All courses can be taken entirely online, with optional campus attendance for workshops if desired. The studies are mainly designed for people who already have some knowledge of tourism, meaning either work experience or previous studies from tourism or the hospitality industry. The pandemic has affected the tourism industry drastically. We now invite you to join us to sharpen your knowledge and make you ready for tomorrow's reality within travel. If you are unemployed or furloughed, you will receive a 50% discount of this course package. Environmental and Social Responsibility within Tourism and Hospitality This course will give you the tools to understand the facts and frameworks of environmental and social responsibility. You will gain an increased knowledge of the current challenges within the field of environmentally and socially sustainable tourism. Tourism in a Contemporary World In this course we look at tourism both as a societal phenomenon and as a global industry. We focus on the definitions, concepts and frameworks that underpin the study of contemporary tourism, keeping in mind the importance of sustainable development. We will also review the latest reports, studies and estimations regarding tourism during and after COVID-19. Hospitality Management Understanding key aspects of hospitality management, such as proactive management of services and revenue, is crucial to success in the hospitality industry. Learn how to plan and sell services by customer segment, how to analyze results and give suggestions for improvements to maximise profit in the hospitality industry. Digital Service Development By using the design sprint method, a time-constrained process, and utilizing design thinking you will learn how to introduce a new service to market. This course gives you an introduction to digital business development in a tourism context. After completing of the course you will know what it takes to create a positive customer experience with a goal to deliver real value at every single customer touch point. Destination Management Do you want to understand Destination Management, the role of Destination Management Organisations (DMOs) and how they work with different kinds of stakeholders? The course will give you in-depth knowledge of how to manage tourism destinations in a sustainable way and broaden your understanding of destination management operations. Distribution Channels This course offers a comprehensive picture of the different types of distribution channels in the travel industry. Are you interested in getting a broad perspective on developments in this area? Then we highly recommend this course! Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Tourism in a Changing World Price 450 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 30 ECTS Course dates 30.08.2021-13.03.2022 Last application date 16.08.2021 Entry requirements Understanding of the basics of tourism. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Environmental and Social Responsibility within Tourism and Hospitality Further education / Business Breadcrumb Apply now! Course contents Assessment methods: This course will give you the tools to understand the facts and frameworks of environmental and social responsibility. You will gain an increased knowledge of the current challenges within the field of environmentally and socially sustainable tourism. Apply by latest 25.8.2022. The course consists mainly of online self-study. The course is held 100% online, with the possibility of attending voluntary activities on campus if desired. The course will start with an introductory lecture: 6.9.2022 at 09.00-10.30 Arcada reserves the right to make changes. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Environmental and Social Responsibility within Tourism and Hospitality Price 75 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 06.09.2022-23.10.2022 Last application date 25.08.2022 Entry requirements Understanding of the basics of tourism and/or marketing. Sustainable tourism Enviromental impacts of tourism Environmental responsibility Social and cultural impacts of tourism Socio-cultural responsibility Online quizzes Individual tasks Group tasks Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Destination Management and Visitor Experience Design Further education / Business Breadcrumb Apply now! Course contents Teaching form Timetable 2025: Assessment methods Contact us about the course Mia Halmén Do you want to understand what entails to manage a destination, the role of Destination Management Organisations (DMOs) and how they work with different kinds of stakeholders? Are you curious about how to elevate the visitor's experience at any destination? Then this course is for you! Apply to the course here! The course will give you in-depth knowledge about destination management practices, including the management of the visitor experience. We will dive into up-to date topics such as how to develop smart and sustainable destinations, how to impact visitor behaviour and how to cultivate co-operation within destinations. The course cover topics as: After completing the course you will be able to evaluate tourism management strategies from the perspectives of co-operation, information management, visitor management and responsibility. The course will be held online, except 3 optional on-campus workshops. These can also be done independently online. Lecturer in Business Administration E-mail: mia.halmen@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 589 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Destination Management Price 75 € + 0% VAT Delivery method Hybrid Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 16.01.2025-06.03.2025 Last application date 10.01.2025 Entry requirements Some working experience from the industry and/ or an introduction course within tourism. The role of DMOs Strategical planning of destination management Co-operation strategies Visitor management Risk and crisis management Information management Tools to enhance smart and sustainable tourism in destinations of different kind 16.01 9.15-11.45 Online introduction 14.02 9.15-11.45 Workshop 20.02 9.15-11.45 Workshop 06.03. 9.15-11.45 Workshop Quizzes Individual tasks Workshops Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Hospitality Management Further education / Business Breadcrumb Apply now! Course contents Contact us about the course Joacim Broth Understanding key aspects of hospitality management, such as proactive management of services and revenue, is crucial to success in the hospitality industry. Learn how to plan and sell services by customer segment, how to analyze results and give suggestions for improvements to maximise profit in the hospitality industry. Application is open 5.9-20.10.2022. This course will have a strong focus on revenue management. The primary aim of revenue management is selling the right product to the right customer at the right time for the right price. The essence of this discipline is in understanding customers' perception of product value and accurately aligning product prices, placement and availability with each customer segment. During this course you will also get an overview of operations management in the hospitality industry. The course is held online, with the possibility of attending voluntary activities on campus if desired. Lectures will be held online at the following times: 24.10.2022 09:00 - 11:00 B518 Hospitality Management 31.10.2022 09:00 - 11:00 B518 Hospitality Management 07.11.2022 09:00 - 11:00 B518 Hospitality Management 14.11.2022 09:00 - 11:00 B518 Hospitality Management 21.11.2022 09:00 - 11:00 B320 Hospitality Management 28.11.2022 09:00 - 11:00 B518 Hospitality Management 05.12.2022 09:00 - 11:00 B518 Hospitality Management 12.12.2022 09:00 - 12:00 B522 Hospitality Management Group presentations 12.12.2022 13:00 - 16:00 B522 Hospitality Management Group presentations Senior Lecturer in Business Administration E-mail: joacim.broth@arcada.fi Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Hospitality Management Price 75 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 24.10.2022-12.12.2022 Last application date 20.10.2022 Entry requirements Understanding of the basics of tourism. Operations Management Global Distribution Systems Revenue Management basics such as pricing, customer behavior, supply and demand Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu The future rarely turns out the way we plan. Often, it turns out even better. Breadcrumb Support Arcada. Donate now Celebrating a quarter of century Social relevance Purpose of campaign Why support Arcada? Our donation purposes Support circular production and process development Support new solutions within health care technology Support digital healthcare simulation Support for Human, robotics and AI Support Smart and Innovative Learning Environments Select donation amount Tax deduction Fundraising license The purpose of the fundraising Other terms and conditions Mia-Maja Wägar The world is changeable, uncertain and complex. Science and technology are not alone the answer to the largescale societal challenges that lie ahead. New findings need to be translated into efficient long-term solutions – for that we need humans as a driving force. Smart innovations that are tested and flexibly adjusted to sustain rapid change. For a quarter of century, Arcada has developed competencies essential to society and educated experts for the future. We create concrete knowledge in an abstract world. We are celebrating Arcada's 25th anniversary by launching a fundraising campaign. The purpose of the campaign is to raise funds to support the acquisition of digital solutions that create innovative, inclusive and inspiring learning and research environments. We educate experts for the future in areas essential to society - healthcare and welfare, business, energy and materials technology as well as culture and media. Through our programmes and socially relevant research, we ensure that high-quality services and experts are available also in Swedish in Finland - both now and in the future. In order for us to continue to be able to offer high-quality education and conduct socially relevant research in the future, competitive and attractive learning and research environments are needed to support our societal mission. By donating you support our long-term and ambitious work for a sustainable future and you support diversity in society. We want to develop with our time and be one step ahead. In this campaign we invite foundations, firms and you as an individual to contribute to a better future. The new learning and research environments at Arcada will enable smart and sustainable solutions for the future. The target groups of the campaign are: Aktiastiftelsen i Esbo-Grankulla srAlexander BargumAlexander EhrnroothAlgol OyAnders EhrströmAnna PauligAnnika StadiusAnu NybergAstrid ThorsBirger MickwitzBirgitta LangenskiöldCarina KiukasCarl-Johan RosenbröijerCeti HasselmanDag WallgrenDIFF - Ingenjörerna i Finland rfElin Blomqvist-ValtonenEva BiaudetFrank KorsströmFredrik GräsbeckFöreningen Konstsamfundet r.f.Hanna DonnerHans AhlströmHéléne och Walter Grönqvists Stiftelse srHelsingestiftelsen srHenrika FranckIda JulinIra JeglinskyJan-Erik KrusbergJens GrandellJerker HartwallJoanna DanielssonJohan JanssonJohanna Modig-GräsbeckJohanna StenbackJonas SjögårdJonas TanaJulius Stjernvalls donationsfondJörgen WiikKaj ÅkerbergKasper HildénKim RoosLiubov HavulaMaj-Len TörnqvistMarcus RantalaMaria von Bonsdorff-HermunenMaria JurveliusMaria NygårdMaria OllonqvistMarkus LemströmMartin MoranderMartin SalonenMats WägarMia IngmanMia-Maja WägarMikael KarmanoMikael WacklinMirko AhonenMona ForsskåhlNathalie Edman-KoskellOtto A. Malms donationsfond srPeter SjöholmPetri NousiainenRaisamiina HagströmRobert HenrikssonSabina EerolaSandra AhtolaSebastian NyströmStella LöfströmStiftelsen Tre Smeder srSusanna GrönblomSvenska Folkskolans vänner r.f.Thomas GranelundTom BöhlingTom LindströmTomas TräskmanViktor HäggblomWalter Ahlströms stiftelseWilliam Thurings stiftelse sr In order to achieve a carbon-neutral society and preserve biodiversity, the world must take a new direction. Arcada needs to create a learning and research environment where our future engineers learn to develop and use digital solutions - a prerequisite for Finland's success in the transition to a climate-smart society. Health technology is part of the social and health care of the future, and a prerequisite for society to be able to maintain the health care system. In Arcada Health Tech Hub, we create a unique Swedish-language knowledge centre in the capital region with a focus on digital solutions for rehabilitation. To ensure that high-quality care is offered in Swedish in Finland also in the future, a modern simulation centre that meets the demands of working life and society is needed. As a pioneer in simulation pedagogy, Arcada is ready to take on the challenge. New technology is rapidly changing the society and affecting several of the daily goods and services we use today. Arcada wants to create a center where we can develop, test and present digital business and service solutions and make them safe, accessible and understandable for everyone. Arcada creates two new innovative and inspiring learning environments that support active learning, participation and entrepreneurial thinking. The new spaces provide students the best possible tools to develop their skills for their future working life through encouraging curiosity, creativity and collaboration. If you donate 850 euro or more, please contact us by e-mail to fill in a deed of gift. Private persons have the option to deduct a monetary donation of at least €850 and no more than €500,000 from their net earned income. More information on the donation deduction in personal taxation can be found on the Tax Administration's website (In Finnish) Associations have the option to deduct monetary donations of at least €850 and no more than €250,000. More information on the donation deduction in corporate taxation can be found on the Tax Administration's website. (In Finnish) Fundraising license for the whole of the country, except Åland, for the period 1.1.2023–. License number RA/2022/1502, granted 20.02.2020 (Police Board). License holder: Yrkeshögskolan Arcada Ab. Fundraising organiser: Yrkeshögskolan Arcada Ab. The purpose of the fundraising is to support Yrkeshögskolan Arcada Ab in managing its mission pursuant to paragraph 4 of the Finnish Polytechnics Act (932/2014). The fundraising is intended to support the acquisition of digital solutions that create innovative, inclusive and inspiring learning and research environments at Arcada University of Applied Sciences. The fundraising does not contain any other conditions regarding its purpose. The donation is made without any requirements for service in return. The donation is not associated with any subsequent condition or with conditions that bind the use of the university's other funds. The university determines how the donation is used. All information regarding the donations (the donor's name, amount, purpose), pursuant to paragraph 21 of the Finnish Polytechnics Act and the Act on the Openness of Government Activities (621/1999), is public. Manager, Strategic outreach and external funding E-mail: mia-maja.wagar@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 804 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Fundraising Arcada is a leading university of applied sciences in the country. We offer high quality higher education and our socially relevant research operations have significant impact. Our alumni are sought after on the job market, as they have the skill to combine theory and practice and they have built valuable networks already during their studies. Our manageable size allows as to swiftly adapt to changes in society and working life. We carry the national responsibility for educating Swedish speaking experts in fields like occupational therapy as well as film and media. Our programmes cover fields such as business, engineering, healthcare, welfare, culture and media. Foundations Companies Private persons Donate 10 € Donate 100 € Another amount Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Tourism in a Contemporary World Further education / Business Breadcrumb Apply now! Course content Assessment methods If you wish to deepen your knowledge of the tourism industry, then this course is definitely for you! The aim is to give you a broad perspective on tourism by answering questions such as: Which actors are involved in the tourism industry? What are their responsibilities? How do these actors interact with each other? Apply by latest 25.8.2022. In this course we look at tourism both as a societal phenomenon and as a global industry. We focus on the definitions, concepts and frameworks that underpin the study of contemporary tourism, keeping in mind the importance of sustainable development. You will learn to identify different types of tourism and understand current challenges, opportunities, trends and ethical issues related to modern tourism. We will also review the latest reports, studies and estimations regarding tourism during and after COVID-19. The course is held 100% online, with the possibility of attending voluntary activities on campus if desired. Lectures will be held at the following times: 30.8 11.30-14.00 1.9 12.00-14.30 6.9 12.00-14.30 8.9 12.00-14.30 13.9 12.00-14.30 15.9 12.00-14.30 20.9 12.00-14.30 22.9 12.00-14.30 27.9 12.15-14.45 29.9 12.00-14.30 4.10 12.00-14.30 6.10 12.00-14.30 11.10 12.00-14.30 13.10 12.00-14.30 18.10 12.00-14.30 There is a limited amount of space available on the course. Arcada reserves the right to make changes. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Tourism in a Contemporary World Price 75 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 30.08.2022-18.10.2022 Last application date 25.08.2022 Entry requirements Understanding of the basics of tourism. Lectures Discussions Group tasks and individual tasks Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Strategy and Management in Media Further education / Culture and media Breadcrumb Apply now! The courses Do you want to be able to critically assess and discuss media management? Do you want to gain a competitive advantage by knowing how to analytically reflect on media innovations? Look no further! This study package will offer you two unique courses on a master level. Apply by latest 17.8.2021. Upon completion of this study package, you can critically assess and discuss media management theory. You will have solid expertise in both media and management, as well as an exceptional understanding of today’s markets and the world of media. You will be able to apply your competence in close collaboration with actors in the media field. You will also be able to explain and critically reflect on media innovations, their renewal and design and why these are crucial to competitive advantage and organizational success. Media Management & Leadership This course will: Media Innovations During Media Innovations, you will learn to: You can also sign up separately for one of the courses. To sign up for an individual class, please visit the course's own education page. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Strategy and Management in Media Price 150 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 10 ECTS Course dates 24.08.2021-20.10.2021 Last application date 17.08.2021 Entry requirements Bachelor degree within appropriate field and two years of relevant work experience after graduation. teach you to demonstrate a solid and up to date understanding of key issues in contemporary media industries teach you business models and media management display an evidence-based approach to the changing media industry and the operational improvement of media organizations, teach you the ability to approach issues and competencies analytically and communicatively in a problem-solving manner. discriminate relevant aspects of current understanding of innovation and creativity acquire the ability to comprehend innovation performance in different contexts take part in substantive discussions and make decisions according to changing circumstances determine the most appropriate procedures for media innovation processes and how to apply the knowledge gained in innovation management according to operational and strategic aims. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Technology, Ethics and Media Management Further education / Culture and media Breadcrumb Apply now! The courses In this study module, you will focus on technology, ethics and the development process in Media Management. This study package will offer you two unique courses on a master level. Apply by latest 28.10.2021. Upon completion of this module, you can identify and explain core social scientific perspectives on society, technology and science. You can also argue for your views based on this within a professional setting in media management. You can apply your critical awareness of data and information knowledge issues. Your problem-solving skills can be applied in the field of ethics and technology within the local and global media technology environment in order to be able to manage and transform how we work with technology in the media field. Media Technology and Leadership The course focuses on media technology and how to lead your organization in the rapidly changing media environment. You will learn to discuss the use of technology in relation to the organization, to independently draw conclusions for complex problems and how to integrate technologies in a real-life setting. Theories & practices in media management: a critical introduction This introduction course aims at teaching the critical aspects of media history, media politics and how to best manage your organization in an ethical way. Upon completing the course, you will have a good overview of what it means to lead both in theory and practice. You can also sign up separately for one of the courses. To sign up for an individual class, please visit the course's own education page. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Technology, Ethics and Media Management Price 150 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 10 ECTS Course dates 05.11.2021-28.02.2022 Last application date 28.10.2021 Entry requirements Bachelor degree within appropriate field and two years of relevant work experience after graduation. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Media Management and Leadership Further education / Culture and media Breadcrumb Apply now! Assessment methods Strategy and Management in Media (10 ECTS) Media Management and Leadership deepens your knowledge about key issues in the media industry and it will prepare you to better manage your organization. Apply by latest 17.08.2021. At the end of the course you will: Studies can be done on campus or online. You can choose to take Media Management and Leadership as a single course, or as a part of the larger educational package “Strategy and Management in Media” (10 ECTS). For more information about the course package, please visit the page Strategy and Management in Media. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Media Management and Leadership Price 75 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 24.08.2021-17.09.2022 Last application date 17.08.2021 Entry requirements Bachelor degree within appropriate field. Demonstrate a solid and up to date understanding of key issues in contemporary media industries, business models and media management Display an evidence-based approach to the changing media industry and the operational improvement of media organizations Have an ability to approach issues and competencies analytically and communicatively in a problem-solving manner Pre-assignment Book exam Co-learning seminars Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Media Innovations Further education / Culture and media Breadcrumb Apply now! Assessment methods Strategy and Management in Media (10 ECTS) With special focus on innovation in the media industry, this course will teach you to be comfortable in assuming responsibility in an innovation team setting, while delegating and coordinating tasks. Apply by latest 22.09.2021. The course Media Innovations will teach you to: Studies can be done on campus or online. You can choose to take Media Innovations as a single course, or as a part of the larger educational package “Strategy and Management in Media” (10 ECTS). For more information about the course package, please visit the page Strategy and Management in Media. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Media Innovations Price 75 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 29.09.2021-20.10.2021 Last application date 22.09.2021 Entry requirements Bachelor degree within appropriate field and two years of relevant work experience after graduation. Discriminate relevant aspects of current understanding of innovation and creativity Acquire the ability to comprehend innovation performance in different contexts. Take part in substantive discussions and make decisions according to changing circumstances. Determine the most appropriate procedures for media innovation processes. Apply the knowledge gained in innovation management according to operational and strategic aims. Exploratory innovation project Small-group work Individual research Short papers Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Media Technology and Leadership Further education / Culture and media Breadcrumb Apply now! Assessment methods Technology, Ethics and Media Management (10 ECTS) The course focuses on media technology and how to lead your organization in the rapidly changing media environment. Apply by latest 29.10.2021. Once you have completed the course, you should be confident in: Studies can be done on campus or online. You can choose to take Media Technology and Leadership as a single course, or as a part of the larger educational package “Technology, Ethics and Media Management” (10 ECTS). For more information about the course package, please visit the page Technology, Ethics and Media Management. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Media Technology and Leadership Price 75 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 05.11.2021-20.12.2021 Last application date 01.10.2021 Entry requirements Bachelor degree within appropriate field and two years of relevant work experience after graduation. Discussing the use of technology in relation to organization performance and strategy Be able to independently draw conclusions for complex problems related to the implementation of new technologies Integrate and/or creatively apply technologies in a real-life setting Critically reviewing and integrating new technologies Exploratory project involving AI (GPT3) and/or other new technologies Small-group work Individual research Short paper Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Theories & Practices in Media Management: A Critical Introduction Further education / Culture and media Breadcrumb Apply now! Assessment methods Technology, Ethics and Media Management (10 ECTS) This introduction course aims at teaching the critical aspects of media history, media politics and how to best manage your organization in an ethical way. Apply by latest 16.12.2021. After completing this course, you will be able to: You can choose to take Theories & practices in media management: a critical introduction as a single course, or as a part of the larger educational package “Technology, Ethics and Media Management” (10 ECTS). For more information about the course package, please visit the page Technology, Ethics and Media Management. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Theories & practices in media management: a critical introduction Price 75 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 11.01.2022-28.02.2022 Last application date 01.10.2021 Entry requirements Bachelor degree within appropriate field and two years of relevant work experience after graduation. Discriminate different elements to media history, political economy of the media, theory of (media) technology, media management and media ethics Use available knowledge from relevant fields to address problems in media management and related domains for decision-making and knowledge creation Based on research, be able to reflect on and justify the meaningfulness of new technologies to the development of socially responsible media organizations and communities Term paper Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Seniorivalmentaja - Ikäihmisen kuntouttaja Further education / Social and healthcare Breadcrumb Contact us about the course Marika Blomster This course is designed to broaden and deepen your knowledge within rehabilitation techniques for the elderly. Please note that this course is in Finnish. For more information and registration, please visit the Finnish course page. Further Education Planner E-mail: marika.blomster@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 505 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Seniorivalmentaja - Ikäihmisen kuntouttaja Price 225 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language Finnish Scope 15 ECTS Course dates 20.10.2022-17.03.2023 Last application date 14.08.2022 Entry requirements It's recommended that the course participant has work experience from the field. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Future Healthcare Leadership Further education / Social and healthcare Breadcrumb Apply now! Course contents At the end of the course you have: Course dates Assessment methods Contact us about the course Marika Blomster Are you a healthcare professional, ready to take the next step in a leadership role? Do you see yourself as a open to innovation and willing to take on the challenges within your field? Start building your leadership skills by taking our master-level courses! Fill in the application form for Future Healthcare Leadership. Submit your application by 20.10.2021. The field of healthcare in the Nordics faces rapid changes. Demographic shifts and digitalisation pose both challenges and open new opportunities. To build sustainable and viable solutions new leadership is needed! This course constitutes your first step towards leadership roles within your organisation. You will explore new leadership techniques, discover your leadership strengths and expand your professional horizon. The course is primarily aimed at candidates with a suitable Bachelor’s degree in nursing, midwifery, occupational therapy, public health nursing, physiotherapy, emergency care, sports and health promotion or physical education. During this course you will learn to reflect upon changes in personal leadership behavior. You will do this by expanding your self-knowledge, team-behavior, cultural awareness and systems thinking. Key elements in this course are: 26.10.2021 15.00 - 17.00 9.11.2021 15.00 - 18.00 16.11.2021 15.00 - 17.00 23.11.2021 15.00 - 17.00 7.12.2021 15.00 - 17.00 14.12.2021 15.00 - 18.00 This course will consist of online activities only. The course requires active commitment each week, as peer-learning and self-driven learning activities are the foundation for deep learning. Further Education Planner E-mail: marika.blomster@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 505 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Future Healthcare Leadership Price 150 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 10 ECTS Course dates 26.10.2021-14.12.2021 Last application date 20.10.2021 Entry requirements A bachelor degree and at least two years work experience gained after completing the higher education degree. Personal leadership Communications Team leadership Power & organizational culture developed as a leader through specialised knowledge in the healthcare leadership field. Skills to take on complex challenges tied to leadership within healthcare e.g. navigating ambiguity, collaborating across diversity, and maintaining momentum with optimism and evidence. Grown your self-reflective understanding and your behavior in order to build, guide and empowering teams in the healthcare sector. Group assignment: Create a leadership project plan in order to solve a problem/challenge in the setting of Nordic healthcare. (50%) Individually: Exam about different leadership theories. (30%) Individually: Personal professional portfolio (20%) Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Circular Economy Further education / Technology Breadcrumb Apply now! Course Contents Assessment methods Are you looking to enhance your knowledge within the field of engineering? Learn to understand the future professional role of engineers in the circular economy. Get a competitive advantage by learning the tools needed for a sustainable future! Apply by latest 16.8.2021. Learn to look at your own field through a new lens. During this course you will develop skills enabling you to be part of the solution in future relying on circular economy. Upon completion of the course you will: The study units use blended learning methods. Classroom lectures and exercises are supplemented with online exercises and excursions. This is an excellent course for engineers who are looking to deepen their knowledge within their field of work. Course lecture timetable: 27.10.2021 09:00 - 12:00 03.11.2021 09:00 - 12:00 10.11.2021 09:00 - 12:00 17.11.2021 09:00 - 12:00 24.11.2021 09:00 - 12:00 01.12.2021 09:00 - 12:00 08.12.2021 09:00 - 12:00 15.12.2021 09:00 - 12:00 Circular Economy for Engineers (15 ECTS) You can choose to take Circular Economy as a single course, or as a part of the larger educational package “Circular Economy for Engineers” (15 ECTS). For more information about the study package, please visit our website. There is a limited amount of space available on the course. Arcada reserves the right to make changes. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Circular Economy Price 75 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 25.10.2021-31.12.2021 Last application date 11.10.2021 Entry requirements Basic knowledge of engineering and/or natural sciences. Understand the fundamentals of circularity in the context of sustainability in both technical and biological spheres. Have the ability to apply systems thinking to identify material and energy closed loops and zero-waste solutions. Have a deeper understanding of material and energy circularity in technical industrial sectors, and familiarity with current developments in each sector. Have the ability to consider evidence and identify potential couplings of processes as regenerative or restorative solutions towards enhanced circularity. Individual learning diaries Online assignments Group projects Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Life Cycle Assessment Further education / Technology Breadcrumb Apply now! Course Contents Assessment methods Learn to understand a product's life cycle in order to propose more sustainable solutions and materials. The ability to assess the lifespan and knowing the digital tools for the purpose are key skills to understand the product development of tomorrow. Apply by latest 16.12.2021. We will take a closer look at the lifespan of a product and how we can make our products sustainable. Upon completing the course you should: This course uses blending learning methods. Classroom lectures and exercises are supplemented with online exercises. Course lecture timetable: 07.01.2022 09:00 - 12:00 14.01.2022 09:00 - 12:00 21.01.2022 09:00 - 12:00 28.01.2022 09:00 - 12:00 04.02.2022 09:00 - 12:00 11.02.2022 09:00 - 12:00 18.02.2022 09:00 - 12:00 25.02.2022 09:00 - 12:00 04.03.2022 09:00 - 12:00 11.03.2022 09:00 - 12:00 Circular Economy for Engineers (15 ECTS) You can choose to take Life Cycle Assessment as a single course, or as a part of the larger educational package “Circular Economy for Engineers” (15 ECTS). For more information about the study package, please visit our website. There is a limited amount of space available on the course. Arcada reserves the right to make changes. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Life Cycle Assessment Price 75 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 03.01.2022-31.03.2022 Last application date 16.12.2021 Entry requirements Basic knowledge of engineering and/or natural sciences. Understand life cycle assessment (LCA) principles, standards and digital tools, and their relevance and applicability to engineering. Have the ability to perform life cycle assessments of engineering products and carbon foot-printing of construction projects to current standards. Have the ability to interpret LCA and foot-printing results critically with respect to the environmental impacts, and propose more sustainable solutions through scenario modelling. Individual learning diaries Online assignments Group projects Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Sustainable Engineering Further education / Technology Breadcrumb Apply now! Course Contents Assessment methods Are you curious about the principles of sustainability and sustainable development goals? Then this course is for you! Apply by latest 16.8.2021. Today sustainability is at the very core of engineering. We need to take the environmental impact of our decision intro consideration and new solutions are needed urgently. During this course you will learn to understand the principles of sustainability and the huge impact that engineering products have on the world. Once you have completed the course you will: This course uses blended learning methods. Classroom lectures and exercises are supplemented with online exercises and excursions. Course lecture timetable: 30.08.2021 13:00 - 16:00 06.09.2021 13:00 - 16:00 13.09.2021 13:00 - 16:00 20.09.2021 13:00 - 16:00 27.09.2021 13:00 - 16:00 04.10.2021 13:00 - 16:00 11.10.2021 13:00 - 16:00 21.10.2021 13:00 - 16:00 Circular Economy for Engineers (15 ECTS) You can choose to take Sustainable Engineering as a single course, or as a part of the larger educational package “Circular Economy for Engineers” (15 ECTS). For more information about the study package, please visit our website. There is a limited amount of space available on the course. Arcada reserves the right to make changes. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Sustainable Engineering Price 75 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 30.08.2021-24.10.2021 Last application date 16.08.2021 Entry requirements Basic knowledge of engineering and/or natural sciences. understand how engineering can provide more sustainable solutions. understand the mechanisms and latest scientific results on the environment, including the climate and biodiversity. be aware of the impacts of raw material extraction and processing, and their relation to planetary boundaries. know how to Identify the potential environmental impacts from engineering products and processes, and consider appropriate climate mitigation strategies including carbon capture storage and utilization. Individual learning diaries Online assignments Group projects Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Circular Economy for Engineers Further education / Technology Breadcrumb Apply now! Teaching and Assessment The courses Are you a professional in the engineering field and looking to learn more about renewable energy, sustainable materials and quantitative environmental impacts? Simply put, do you want to become a more versatile expert in your own field? This study package consists of three courses that allow you to develop a whole new skill set within circular economy, life cycle assessment and sustainable engineering. You can also choose to sign-up for the courses separately. Apply by latest 16.8.2021. The engineering sector is one of the fastest changing fields. Today an understanding of sustainability and circular economy is a sought-after skill for any engineer. As an expert in your field you need the latest tools and knowledge to create sustainable solutions for whole systems. With us you will gain current technical awareness of: You will study with our experts in sustainable materials, renewable energies and digital tools. In addition to this you will gain access to our network of partners that are the forefront of the circular economy transition in the Nordic region. Upon completion of the study package you will have: All courses involve both online and in class studies. Circular Economy Build your understanding of the future professional role of engineers in the circular economy. You will learn the fundamentals of circularity, how to identify zero-waste solutions and how to consider evidence and identify potential couplings of processes as regenerative or restorative solutions. Life Cycle Assessment Learn to understand the lifespan of a product and how we can make our products sustainable. You will get a deeper knowledge of how to perform life cycle assessments of engineering products and how to propose more sustainable solutions through scenario modelling. Sustainable Engineering Sustainability is a very important aspect of the field of engineering. We need to continuously find new solutions and be able to identify the potential environmental impacts that our decisions have. This course will guide you to become more aware of your ways of working and how you can have an awareness of the impacts of raw material extraction and processing, and their context within planetary boundaries. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Circular Economy for Engineers Price 225 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 15 ECTS Course dates 30.08.2021-31.03.2022 Last application date 16.08.2021 Entry requirements Basic knowledge of engineering and/or natural sciences. environmental impacts from material and energy aspects in all types of engineering projects, and the range of modern sustainable materials and renewable energies. a broad understanding of the complete life cycle of product manufacturing and construction projects and you will be confident in your role as a sustainable designer, innovator and decision maker. Individual learning diaries Online assignments Group projects Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Basics of anatomy and physiology Further education / Social and healthcare Breadcrumb Ansök nu! Contact us about the course Marika Blomster Knowledge and understanding of the human body's anatomy is the key to both health and medical care. Now you have the opportunity to learn and recap the basics of physiology and anatomy. By participating in this course, you can develop and broaden your own expertise in the field. The course also offers a perfect opportunity to try out studies at a University of Applied Sciences. Ansökan är kontinuerlig. Further Education Planner E-mail: marika.blomster@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 505 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Anatomins och fysiologins grunder Price 0 € + 0% VAT Delivery method Online Language Swedish Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 01.07.2023-09.10.2023 Last application date 09.10.2023 Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Aktivitet och social innovation Further education / Social and healthcare Breadcrumb Contact us about the course Marika Blomster Do you want to work with the end user in focus for a sustainable and active everyday life for everyone? Build on your professional competence, get new inspiration and take on new tools. You can become the driving force that co-creates social innovations and creates concrete social benefits. Further Education Planner E-mail: marika.blomster@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 505 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Aktivitet och social innovation Price 75 € + 0% VAT Conductor Yrkeshögskolan Arcada Language Swedish Scope 5 ECTS Course dates 25.10.2021-16.12.2021 Last application date 30.09.2021 Entry requirements Ifall du inte har tidigare erfarenhet/studier inom ergoterapi eller aktivitetsvetenskap behöver du avlägga en förhandsuppgift för att kunna delta i kursen. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Why Arcada? Read more Breadcrumb Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Study at Arcada Main menu Open UAS Exchange studies Destination Finland At Arcada, we offer four English-language and 15 Swedish-language programmes at bachelor's level. With us, you gain access to the latest expertise in the area you are passionate about and build knowledge that is relevant and sought after in the labour market - both today and in the future! Arcada gives you many options to grow in your professional role, acquire sought-after skills, expand your professional network and take the next step in your career. Our flexible master's programmes, all of which can be combined with full-time work, are aimed at those who want to take on new challenges and in the future aim for leadership or development tasks. As the labour market keeps evolving, the demand for essential skills keeps growing. Continuous learning is the key to keep your professional skills up to date. This is where we step in. Our aim at Arcada Continuing Education is to make sure it feels rewarding to develop and expand your professional skills. We provide further education in technology, culture, media, business and social and health care. Regardless of whether this is the first step in your career or if you are already well immersed in working life, Arcada offers degree programmes and courses that will ensure that you are fully equipped to tackle future challenges. Whether you are just taking the first steps in your career or want to embark on a new one, Arcada offers programmes and courses that give you the best possibilities to face the future. Get acquainted with our programmes here! Are you looking to expand your knowledge, explore a new subject, or take a step toward a degree at Arcada? If so, it’s time to find out more about the Open UAS at Arcada and all the possibilities that we offer. Come on an exchange to Arcada! Arcada has about 120 partner insitutions around the world and welcomes about 70 exchange students each year. Around 50 nationalities are represented in Arcada, partly within the English degree programs and partly through student, teacher and expert exchanges. Are you looking for information on residence permits, visas, accommodation and/or information on Finland as a study destination? Find out more about these topics and other practical matters here. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Opening of the academic year 01.09.2021 15:00-16:00 - Online PROGRAM To the event . On Wednesday September 1st at 3 p.m. we will celebrate the opening of the academic year at Arcada University of Applied Sciences. We are delighted to announce that Minister of Education, Li Andersson, will be delivering a celebratory speech during the event. Warmly welcome to follow the festivities via YouTube . Opening of the academic year Mona Forsskåhl, rector and CEO Arcada University of Applied Sciences Celebratory speech Li Andersson, Minister of Education Music Quartet from the Female Voice Choir Lyran Greetings from the board Marcus Rantala, chairperson Arcada Univeristy of Applied Sciences Music Quartet from the Female Voice Choir Lyran Greetings from the student union Ida Flemmich, chairperson Arcada Student Union – ASK Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Support digital healthcare simulation Breadcrumb Donate now Improved care processes and continuing education The new simulation centre includes: By donating to our new simulation centre, you support: Support Arcada here ! To ensure that high-quality care is offered in Swedish in Finland also in the future, a modern simulation centre that meets the demands of working life and society is needed. As a pioneer in simulation pedagogy, Arcada is ready to take on the challenge. Arcada's nursing programme has been ranked as Finland's best by the students. A cornerstone of our nursing education is simulation teaching where students can practice care situations in a safe environment. Arcada has cutting-edge expertise in simulation pedagogy and now we are ready to take our simulation environments to the 2020s. Today, increased areas of responsibility, digitalised services and personal responsibility for competence development are putting increasing pressure on health care staff. In order to give today's students a realistic picture of working life and the skills required, we want to expand the simulations to more realistic environments, both physical and digital. By hiring a simulation developer who technically supports the teaching in the centre, we can make the simulations more efficient and ensure the quality of the activities. To enable self-directed learning, we also want to be able to offer students equipment intended for independent practice. A renewed simulation centre not only results in competent health care staff, but also improved processes and systems in health care. The centre will play an important role in being able to offer continuing education that supports career development for professionals. At Arcada, we want to ensure that high-quality and up-to-date care is offered in Swedish in Finland now and in the future. Help us ensure that there are professional nurses, midwives and emergency carers who possess the knowledge and confidence to deal with the demanding situations that they face in the healthcare sector! Audiovisual simulation system Camera equipment that allows students to simulate outside the center Acquisition of digital software that allows students to practice independently Versatile simulations in more realistic environments Simulations that focus on leadership, critical thinking, communication, decision-making and treatment in healthcare Improving processes and systems in healthcare Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Fundraising Digital health care Audiovisual simulation system Camera equipment that allows students to simulate outside the center Acquisition of digital software that allows students to practice independently Versatile simulations in more realistic environments Simulations that focus on leadership, critical thinking, communication, decision-making and treatment in healthcare Improving processes and systems in healthcare Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Support circular production and process development Breadcrumb Donate now Contribute to a sustainable world With support for our engineering programmes, we can: By donating, you: Support Arcada here ! In order to achieve a carbon-neutral society and preserve biodiversity, the world must take a new direction. Arcada needs to create a learning and research environment where our future engineers learn to develop and use digital solutions - a prerequisite for Finland's success in the transition to a climate-smart society. Engineers are in a key position when it comes to developing and implementing sustainable innovations. To succeed with the UN's sustainability goals, we need to renew our product development and production processes, streamline material and energy use and move to renewable energy sources and sustainable materials. Digital solutions are a cornerstone of change. At Arcada, we want to introduce digital twins in our engineering educations and research to enable cost-effective and sustainable product development. A digital twin is a virtual copy of a physical product, process or machine. With the help of sensors, the twin is connected to the physical object that it imitates and can collect data from the object. Digital twins are used to develop and simulate products, processes and functions as well as to train people in the use of machines and systems. A concrete and simple example is that we in the future can be able to build houses digitally and calculate energy and material consumption even before we start construction. In other words, working with digital twins is a cost-effective and sustainable way of managing processes. With our cutting-edge expertise in circular economy, trustworthy AI and simulation pedagogy, we at Arcada want to contribute to a sustainable world. We all need to contribute efforts to achieve the global climate goals. By supporting our digital solutions, you help us ensure the quality of engineering education and support the technical know-how of our students and graduate engineers. At the same time, we can develop cooperation with the private sector and contribute with applied research to solve the challenges of business and industry. Create digital twins to support education, research and collaborations and contribute with smart solutions for society. Update our lab with tools that are compatible with the digital twins. Hire a lab developer to help us implement the digital twins in teaching and research. Ensure the quality of the technology educations. Support students and graduate engineers’ technical know-how. Create basic conditions for research on circular production and process development. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Fundraising Circular production and process development Create digital twins to support education, research and collaborations and contribute with smart solutions for society. Update our lab with tools that are compatible with the digital twins. Hire a lab developer to help us implement the digital twins in teaching and research. Ensure the quality of the technology educations. Support students and graduate engineers’ technical know-how. Create basic conditions for research on circular production and process development. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Support new solutions within health care technology Breadcrumb Donate now New aids for rehabilitation Simulation room: Smart rehab gym: Support Arcada here ! Health technology is part of the social and health care of the future, and a prerequisite for society to be able to maintain the health care system. In Arcada Health Tech Hub, we create a unique Swedish-language knowledge centre in the capital region with a focus on digital solutions for rehabilitation. Major investments are being made to digitise social and health care in Finland. Health technology enables an effective way to meet the needs of different target groups for training in physical and cognitive function and is a prerequisite for society to be able to maintain the health care system in the future. This places new demands on staff in social and health care, and we must ensure that students and professional experts have the skills and confidence to use health technology in their work. Therefore, we now want to create a learning and research environment at Arcada where health technology is developed and used as support in rehabilitation and function-promoting work. With the help of digital solutions, we create an innovative and inclusive learning environment that supports students' learning in a contemporary way and increases the understanding of functional variations and an accessible society. Arcada Health Tech Hub will be a unique meeting place for students, professional occupational therapists and physiotherapists, researchers and companies that develop technological solutions for social and health care. The environment puts the end user in focus and the development of new health technology solutions is done together with them. Our new accessible and inspiring learning environment consists of a health technology gym and a simulation room that enables simulation of function and a new way of offering rehabilitation with the help of health technology. With modern health technology, we can prepare our students for the coming working life and the challenges in social and health care. Arcada is the only university of applied sciensen in Finland that educate Swedish staff in rehabilitation. Come and ensure that high-quality and up-to-date rehabilitation and care are offered in Swedish in Finland now and in the future! Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Fundraising Health care technology The technology in the room enables simulation of different functional variations, new and up-to-date ways of offering rehabilitation and training of cognitive and physical function. The simulations prepare students for the coming working life and increase understanding of functional variations. Enables new research openings in virtual reality and interdisciplinary collaboration. Enables training for rehabilitation purposes and to maintain health, monitoring the user's progress and collecting Big data related to training. Opens new possibilities for research on training and rehabilitation relevant for the social and health care sector. Identifies exercise trends and makes it possible to create health-promoting action plans. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Support Smart and Innovative Learning Environments Breadcrumb Donate now Skills for working life Support Arcada here ! Arcada creates two new innovative and inspiring learning environments that support active learning, participation and entrepreneurial thinking. The new spaces provide students the best possible tools to develop their skills for their future working life through encouraging curiosity, creativity and collaboration. The view on efficient work and studies is evolving. Many students thrive in an environment where they have the possibility to complete tasks from home or online, whereas some still prefer on-campus acitivities on a large scale. Therefore, we need to create flexible learning environments that make it possible for students to participate in teaching based on their own needs and conditions. To support learning and collaboration between students, we are building a new activity-based learning environment, Online Learning Space, which consists of a hybrid teaching room, a room for active learning and a group room. With the help of digital teaching solutions, this new environment enables human encounters both physically and digitally. A survey among our students shows that there is also a demand for environments where they can practice their creative thinking, communication and personal leadership. The new learning environment Arcada Coaching Lab has been planned and co-created together with our students. This environment supports the development of soft skills and entrepreneurial thinking. Arcada Coaching Lab encourages innovation and problem solving - both together and individually. Here, our students get the opportunity to work with group work and individual assignments, but also the opportunity to pitch ideas and practice their presentation skills. Arcada Coaching Lab and Online Learning Space give students the best possible conditions to master skills that will be a competitive advantage at the beginning of their careers. By providing tools and open learning environments, we create space for interdisciplinary meetings and give students the chance to grow into their professional role. Join in and create flexible and inspiring learning environments for the future! Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Fundraising Smart and Innovative Learning Environments Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu CP - North Research team Breadcrumb Gunnar Hägglund, Professor, MD, PhD Ann Alriksson-Schmidt, Associate professor, PhD, MSPH Johan Jarl, Associate professor, PhD Sanjib Saha, PhD Guro Andersen, Associate professor, MD, PhD Reidun Jahnsen, Professor, PhD, PT Darina Steskal, PhD Sandra Julsen Hollung, MSc, PhD Ira Jeglinsky, PhD, PT Matti Ahonen, MD, PhD Mika Gissler, Research Professor, PhD Markus Keski-Säntti, MSc Taru Haula, MSc, Doctoral student Guðbjörg Eggertsdottir, MS, PT Gudny Jonsdottir, MS, PT Tinna Laufey Asgeirsdottir, Professor, PhD Bjarne Moeller-Madsen, Professor, MD, PhD Kirsten Nordbye-Nielsen, PT, Doctoral student Abdu Kedir, PhD Ilaria Tresoldi, MD PhD Doctoral students involved User boards CP - North Research team Principal Investigator in CP-North Department of Clinical Sciences, Orthopaedics, Lund University, Lund, Sweden. Skåne University Hospital, Lund, Sweden Professor Gunnar Hägglund gunnar.hagglund@med.lu.se Member of management team in CP-North, team lead social outcome and public health, member of dissemination and communication team Department of Clinical Sciences, Orthopaedics, Lund University, Lund, Sweden. Skåne University Hospital, Lund, Sweden Member of management team in CP-North, team lead health economics Health Economics Unit, Department of Clinical Science (Malmö), Lund University, Lund, Sweden Member of health economics team, Health Economics Unit, Department of Clinical Science (Malmö), Lund University, Lund, Sweden Team lead medical team in CP-North, Cerebral Palsy Registry of Norway, Vestfold Hospital Trust, Tønsberg, Norway. Norwegian University of Science and Technology in Trondheim, Trondheim, Norway Coordinator of CP-North in Norway, member of dissemination and communication team Oslo University Hospital, Oslo, Norway Member of health economics team Uni Research Rokkan Centre, Bergen, Norway Coordinator of CP-North in Norway, member of medical team Cerebral Palsy Registry of Norway, Vestfold Hospital Trust, Tønsberg, Norway Coordinator of CP-North Finland, team lead dissemination and communication Arcada UAS, Institution of Health and Welfare, Helsinki, Finland Member of medical team, Department of Pediatric Surgery, Helsinki Children’s Hospital, Helsinki University Central Hospital and University of Helsinki, Finland Member of health economic team, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Department of Knowledge Brokers, Helsinki, Finland Member of health economic team, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Department of Knowledge Brokers, Helsinki, Finland Member of health economic team, National Institute for Health and Welfare, Centre for Health and Social Economics, Helsinki, Finland Member of dissemination and communication team SLF’s Rehabilitation Center – Æfingastöðin, Reykjavík, Iceland Lead of reference group Endurhaefing, Rehabilitation-Centre of Excellence, Kopavogur, Iceland Coordinator of CP-North Iceland, member of health economics team University of Iceland, Faculty of Economics, Reykjavík, Iceland Coordinator of CP-North Denmark, member of medical team, member of dissemination and communication team Department of Clinical Medicine, Health Aarhus University, Aarhus, Denmark Department of Childrens Orthopaedics, Aarhus University Hospital, Aarhus, Denmark Department of Clinical Medicine, Health Aarhus University, Aarhus, Denmark Department of Childrens Orthopaedics, Aarhus University Hospital, Aarhus, Denmark Member of health economics team Centre for Alcohol and Drug Research, Aarhus University Associate Professor of Orthopaedic Surgery Department of Children Orthopaedics Aarhus University Hospital, Aarhus, Denmark Derek Asuman, PhD student at Lund University. He´s research is focusing on the health economic aspects of CP in the Nordic countries, including labor market, educational outcomes and health services. Amanda Burman Rimstedt, PhD student at Lund University. Her research focuses on pain in children and youth with disabilities, with a focus on children/youth with CP. Noor Hussein, PhD student at Helsinki University. Her research focuses on pain in children and youth with CP. Jessica Stockman, PhD student at Lund University, with the project "Orthosis use and comorbidity in individuals with cerebral palsy and myelomeningocele" In every country involved there is a user board collaborating with the researchers. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Research Key research activities CP - North CP - North Research team Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Webinar 24.9: Researchers' Night at Arcada 24.09.2021 10:15-11:30 - YouTube Programme: At Arcada we celebrate Researchers' Night with a webinar focusing on artificial intelligence. Welcome to join us to learn more about research at Arcada! The Researchers' Night is a Europe-wide event, arranged since 2005, which displays the diversity of science and bring research and researchers closer to the public. At Arcada we celebrate the Researchers' Night on the 24th of September (at 10.15 to 11 AM) with a webinar on our strategic focus areas. 10.15–10.30: Embedding research in everyday life Henrika Franck, Arcada's Vice Rector of Research and Innovation. 10.30–11.00: Trustworthy AI Assessment Roberto V. Zicari is an expert on ethical use of AI and trustworthy AI. Zicari is the founder of the Frankfurt Big Data Lab at Goethe University, leading the Z-Inspection® initiative and affiliated professor at Arcada. You are welcome to watch the live streamed event here at Youtube ! The webinar is open to the public and does not require registration. The event is arranged in English and Swedish. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu FAQ Breadcrumb Quick links FAQ - Further Education Courses offered through Open University Here you can find answers to the most frequently asked questions regarding further education and open university studies. Click on the question that you would like to be answered. The answer will appear after that you have clicked on the question. Below you can find answers to the most frequently asked questions regarding further education. Further education at Arcada is open for everyone. Some courses may be aimed at specific target groups and require prior competence that appears from the course description. All further education at Arcada can be found in course calendar for Continuing Education. You can register to a further education course by choosing a course in the course calendar. Each individual course has its own webpage where registration is made. Please note, that some courses have an application process to ensure that prerequisites are fulfilled. Late registrations will be taken into consideration if possible. There are no limitations to how many further education courses you can participate in. However, some of the courses have prerequisites that need to be fulfilled in order to be able to participate. Some courses have prerequisites that need to be fulfilled in order to participate. The prerequisites are written in the course description. The prerequisites can consist of specific competence, basic courses, previous degree or work experience. Yes, there is a fee to participate in further education. The fee for each further education course is written in the course description. If you cancel your course application before the application period has ended, no fee will be collected. If you cancel your participation in the course after you have been confirmed a study place and accepted it, you are obliged to pay 50 % of the tuition fee. The cancellation should be made in writing to further@arcada.fi. If a written cancellation is not received, the full participation fee is charged. If you cancel your participation in the course after the course has started, you are obliged to pay the tuition fee in total. To be able to participate in the course and receive a certification of completion, it is required that the tuition fee is paid in full. Yes, further education courses can be completed alongside work. Depending on the course the tuition takes place both during daytime and in the evenings. Courses consist of lectures, assignments, readings and online studies. Some of the courses are online, while others are taught at campus. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the individual course schedules and how the courses are conducted to ensure that you have the possibility to participate. Yes, you can. We recommend that you are in contact with the TE Office about your study plans in advance to clarify how the studies might affect your benefits. No, you are not eligible for student social benefits. You are not considered to be a full-time student when you participate in further education. Further education studies at Arcada do not lead to a bachelor’s or master’s degree. Yes, provided that the tuition fee is paid and your course assignments have been approved. You can order a new certificate by emailing further@arcada.fi. The fee for ordering a new certificate is 30€. After course registration you will get an email with information on how to get access to Arcada user account and password. You will also get information on how to log in to the electronic learning platform itslearning. You will find more information about the course on itslearning. We are actively monitoring the situation with the pandemic and adjust our courses according to the national restrictions and recommendations. Courses that are planned to include contact days will be given as distance studies if the situation so requires. If you want more information about how a course will be conducted, please contact the course’s Further Education Planner. Below you can find the most frequently asked questions and answers regarding Open University courses. At the Open UAS it is possible to study selected courses within the various degree programs at Arcada. The Open UAS is open to everyone. Studies at the Open UAS do not lead to a bachelor’s or master’s degree at Arcada. Open UAS is open to everyone, provided that you meet any required prerequisites and that there is space available in the course. Through Open UAS, you can broaden or deepen your knowledge, update your skills, explore a new field of study or try out studies at a university for applied sciences.It is also possible to apply for degree programme studies at Arcada through the Open Path Studies, which is designed for you who are aiming at graduating from one of Arcada’s Bachelor’s degree programmes in the future. More information about the Open Path Studies can be found here. You can find our current course offerings in the course calendar. If you don’t find what you’re looking for in the course calendar, you can also explore our degree program courses and express your interest for a course via our Open UAS registration form . When possible, we offer available spots in regular courses. You can apply and register for courses through Arcada’s course calendar. Please note that some courses have a limited number of places. If there are more applicants than available places, students are admitted in order of registration. Some courses require the student to apply for a study place in order to confirm that all prerequisites for the course are fulfilled. If you don’t find what you’re looking for in the course calendar, you can also explore our degree program courses External link and express your interest for a course via our Open UAS registration form. When possible, we offer available spots in regular courses. Late registrations will be taken into consideration if possible. There are no limits to the number of courses you can take at Open UAS. However, some courses have prerequisites that must be met. Please note that practical training and thesis work cannot be completed through Open UAS. If a course has prerequisites, this will always be stated in the course description. Prerequisites may include specific skills, basic courses, previous degrees, or work experience. Yes, Open UAS courses have a course fee. The fee ranges from 0–45€ per credit, in accordance with the Finnish Government Decree on Fees Charged by Universities of Applied Sciences (1440/2014, Section 1 ). The fee includes registration, teaching, exams, and transcript of records. No, your registration becomes binding upon payment and cannot be cancelled. Yes, many courses can be completed alongside work. Teaching is offered both during the day and in the evening and includes lectures, exercises, project work, independent reading, online studies, and exams. Some courses are fully online, while others require on-site attendance. We recommend checking the schedule and course format in advance to see what suits you best. We recommend that you contact TE Office before starting your studies to check how it may affect your benefits. No, as an Open UAS student you are not eligible for student social benefits. When studying at the Open UAS, you are not considered to be a full-time student. No, Open UAS does not lead to a degree. However, Open Path Studies at the Open UAS is an opportunity to apply for degree programme studies at Arcada. Read more about Open Path Studies here. Studies at the Open UAS can be accredited later on in degree studies at Arcada. No, practical training cannot be completed through Open UAS. Arcada offers master level courses at the Open UAS. These courses require a previous bachelor degree in a relevant field as well as work experience. The prerequisites for each course can be found in the individual course descriptions. Yes, you can download your transcript of records yourself after completing a course by following the instructions here . You can order a new certificate by following these intructions . After course registration you will get an email with information on how to create an Arcada user account and password using online banking credentials. You will also get information on how to log in to the electronic learning platform itslearning. You will find more information about the course on itslearning. Send your inquiry to oppnayh@arcada.fi. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education FAQ FAQ - Further Education Courses offered through Open University Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu CP - North Publications Breadcrumb Quick links Master thesis Webinar Publications in chronological order An article at the Swedish National Agency for Special Needs Education and Schools (Specialpedagogiska skolmyndigheten) website about the article "School outcomes of adolescents with cerebral palsy in Sweden", (by Jarl and Alriksson-Schmidt, listed above) has been published (in Swedish). Available at: https://www.spsm.se/stod/forskning-och-utveckling/aktuellt-om-forskning/nyheter/kommunikativa-svarigheter-paverkar-skolresultat-for-elever-med-cp/ Olga Stella Pétrusdóttir (2019). Fjárhagslegur stuðningur velferðarkerfis við foreldra og börn þeirra sem greinast með CP. Stefnugreining á réttindum á Íslandi. (in Islandic). Found at: https://skemman.is/bitstream/1946/34612… Hjalti Valur Þorsteinsson (2021). Participation in physical activities among children and adolescents with CP compared to their typically developed peers. URI: http://hdl.handle.net/1946/36312 Olga Stella Pétursdóttir (2021). Financial support provided by the Icelandic welfare system to families of children with CP. Fríða Halldórsdóttir (2020). Is pain a part of daily life for people with Cerebral Palsy in Iceland? pain in children and adults in the CP-follow up programme. URI: http://hdl.handle.net/1946/36312 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Research Key research activities CP - North CP - North Publications Master thesis Webinar Krarup LH, Kjaer Kristensen P, Baekgaard Stisen M, Nordbye-Nielsen K, Mechlenburg I. Hip displacements and correctable scoliosis were prevalent in children with cerebral palsy registered in a Danish follow-up programme from 2010 to 2020. Acta Pædiatrica 2023. First published: 20 October 2023. https://doi.org/10.1111/apa.17013 Ahonen M, Helenius I, Gissler M, Jeglinsky-Kankainen I. Mortality and causes of death in children with cerebral palsy with scoliosis treated with and without surgery. Neurology 2023; 101:el787-el792. doi:10.1212/WNL.0000000000207796 Stockmann J, Eggersdóttir G, Gaston MS, Jeglinsky-Kankainen I, Julsen Hollung S, Nordbye-Nielsen K, von Rosen P, Alriksson-Schmidt A. Ankle-foot orthoses among children with cerebral palsy: a cross-sectional population-based register study of 8,928 children living in Northern Europe. BMC Musculoskeletal Disorders (2023) 24:443. DOI: https://doi.org/10.1186/s12891-023-0655… Asuman D, Gerdtham U-G, Alriksson-Schmidt A, Rodby-Bousquet E, Andersen G, Jarl J. Pain and labor outcomes: a longitudinal study of adults with cerebral palsy in Sweden. Disability and Health Journal 2023, Available online 18 April 2023, 101479. Doi: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dhjo.2023.101… Asuman D, Gerdtham U-G, Alriksson-Schmidt AI, Nordin M, Jarl J. Labour market consequences of an early-onset disability: the case of cerebral palsy. Applied Economics 2023; Online 16 Feb 2023. DOI: https://doi.org/10.1080/00036846.2023.2… Müller V, Gerdtham U, Alriksson-Schmidt A, Jarl I. Parental decisions to divorce and have additional children among families with children with cerebral palsy: Evidence from Swedish longitudinal and administrative data. Health Economics 2022; 1-17. DOI: 10.1002/hec.4567 Jeglinsky I, Alriksson-Schmidt A, Hägglund G, Ahonen M. Prevalence and treatment of hip displacement in children with cerebral palsy in Finland. Journal of Children´s Orthopaedics 2022; April 30. https://doi.org/10.1177%2F1863252122108… . Klenø AN, Stisen MB, Cubel CH, Mechlenburg I, Nordbye-Nielsen K. Prevalence of knee contractures is high in children with cerebral palsy in Denmark. Physiotherapy Theory and Practice 2021; Nov 21:1-8. doi: 10.1080/09593985.2021.2007558 Hägglund G, Julsen Hollung S, Ahonen M, Andersen GL, Eggersdóttir G, Gaston MS, Jahnsen R, Jeglinsky-Kankainen I, Nordbye-Nielsen K, Tresoldi I, Alriksson-Schmidt AI. Treatment of spasticity in children and adolescents with cerebral palsy in Northern Europe: a CP-North registry study. BMC Neurol 21, 276 (2021). https://doi.org/10.1186/s12883-021-02289-3 . Open access. Available at: Treatment of spasticity in children and adolescents with cerebral palsy in Northern Europe: a CP-North registry study | BMC Neurology | Full Text (biomedcentral.com) Mechlenburg I, Tousgaard Foget Østergaard M, Bach Menzel C, Nordbye-Nielsen K. Hip contractures were associated with low gross motor function in children with cerebral palsy. Acta Paediatrica 2021; 110(5):1562-1568. doi: 10.1111/apa.15717 Hartvig Krarup L, Kjær Kristensen P, Strand L, Langbo Bredtoft S, Mechlenburg S, Nordbye-Nielsen K. Ankle contractures are frequent among children with cerebral palsy and associated with lower gross motor function and degree of spasticity Accepted 8th February 2021. Acta Paediatrica. Online ahead of print. https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/3356513… Hollung, S.J., Hägglund, G., Gaston, M.S., Seid, A.K., Lydersen, S., Alriksson‐Schmidt, A.I. and Andersen, G.L. (2021), Point prevalence and motor function of children and adolescents with cerebral palsy in Scandinavia and Scotland: a CP‐North study. Dev Med Child Neurol. https://doi.org/10.1111/dmcn.14764 Jarl J, Alriksson-Schmidt A. School outcomes of adolescents with cerebral palsy in Sweden. Dev Med Child Neurol 2020; Dec 15. DOI https://doi.org/10.1111/dmcn.14769 Alriksson-Schmidt A, Jeglinsky I, Jonsdottir G, Kedir Seid A, Klevberg G, Buschmann E, Jahnsen R. Living life with cerebral palsy? A description of the social safety nets for individuals with cerebral palsy in the Nordic countries. Scandinavian Journal of Public Health. 2020; Dec 15. DOI https://doi.org/10.1177%2F1403494820974… Østergaard CS, Pedersen NSA, Thomasen A, Mechlenburg I, Nordbye-Nielsen K. Pain is frequent in children with cerebral palsy and negatively affects physical activity and participation. Accepted Acta Paediatrica 2020. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/323… Hägglund G, Burman-Rimstedt A, Czuba T, Alriksson-Schmidt AI. Self-versus proxy-reported pain in children with cerebral palsy: A population-based registry study of 3783 children. J Prim Care Community Health 2020; Jan-Dec 11: 2150132720911523. Doi: 10.1177/2150132720911523. PMID: 32172660 Hägglund G, Czuba T, Alriksson-Schmidt A. Back pain is more frequent in girls and in children with scoliosis in the content of cerebral palsy. Acta Pediatr 2019; 108(12):2229-2234. Doi: 10.1111/apa.14909. Epub 2019 Jul 12. Schmidt SM, Hägglund G, Alriksson-Schmidt AI. Bone and joint complications and reduced mobility are associated with pain in children with cerebral palsy. Acta Pediatr 2019; Sep 10. doi: 10.1111/apa.15006. [Epub ahead of print] Alriksson-Schmidt A et al. Flaunting our assets. Making the most of the Nordic registry goldmine: Cerebral palsy as an example. Scandinavian Journal of Public Health 2019;https://doi.org/10.1177/1403494819829338 Jarl J, Alriksson-Schmidt A, Rodby-Bousquet E. Health-related quality of life in adults with cerebral palsy living in Sweden and relation to demographic and disability-specific factors. Disabil Health J. 2019 Feb 22. pii: S1936-6574(19)30035-4. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dhjo.2019.02… Jeglinsky I, Haula T, Ahonen M. Living with CP in the Nordic countries (Elämänpolku CP-oireyhtymän kanssa Pohjoismaissa). Fysioterapia 2018;3:46-49. Alriksson-Schmidt AI, Ahonen M, Andersen GL et al. CP North− Living life in the Nordic countries? A Retrospective Register Research Protocol on Individuals with Cerebral Palsy and their Parents Living in Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland, and Iceland. BMJ Open 2019 https://bmjopen.bmj.com/content/9/10/e0… . Professor Gunnar Hägglund and PhD Ann Alriksson-Schmidt presented CP-North and CPUP at a seminar at Helsinki University Hospital, Children´s hospital, June 2018 Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu How to start and run your own business Further education / Business Breadcrumb Apply now! Learning outcomes Practical information Is entrepreneurship close to your heart? Are you interested in starting your own business but unsure of where to begin? Or have you recently started your own business but feel like you need support? In this course we will cover different themes that are highly relevant for starting a business and what you should consider in your business plan. Please notice that you need to state your business idea when filling in the registration form and specify what kind of business/industry the idea relates to. Use the field "Reason for applying" to specify your business idea. Application closes 17.12.2021. Does starting a business seem difficult and overwhelming? No need to worry – this course is your one stop shop for all you need in order to start and run a successful business. The course content will be tailored to suit the needs of each participant. Among others, we will dive into subjects such as finance and profitability calculations, staff and employment, logistics, marketing and corporate social responsibility. This course is for anyone with a business idea or who has just started a business - field or industry of business does not matter. You will get support in taking your next steps in being an entrepreneur and learning the practical aspects of running your own business. The course centers around you developing a business plan for your new business. We will be focusing on various themes, which all play an important role when starting your own business. Learning outcomes of the course include: In order for you to get the best learning outcome, the course content will be adapted to the types of business ideas that the participants have. The course also serves as a great possibility to network with fellow participants, who usually are from various backgrounds, enhancing your learning experience. The course is entirely online except for the kick-off (10.1.2022, 9.00-12.00) and the final event (16.5.2022, 14.00-17.00), which may be organized at Arcada if the COVID situation so allows. The course consists of lectures, workshops, individual assignments and group discussions. Examination will be based on the business plan and different assignments during the course. The course centers around providing support for students creating their individual business plan. The course will be conducted in English, but it is possible to send in assignments in either English, Swedish or Finnish. The lectures will as a rule be held twice a week, Mondays and Wednesdays from 8.30-10.30. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar How to start and run your own business Price 225 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 15 ECTS Course dates 10.01.2022-16.05.2022 Last application date 17.12.2021 Defining a vision and mission statement for your business Learning how to conduct a market analysis Basic knowledge about selling and service design Knowledge of marketing channels and competence in how to create a marketing plan Accounting and budgeting as well as pricing and profitability Logistics, purchasing and contracts Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu What is a Double Degree? Breadcrumb Quick links Who can apply? How to apply? The Double degree programme After the exchange Upon graduation - Students from another UAS An international double degree is a form of cooperation between two higher education institutions. Both institutions have their own curricula and students complete an agreed amount of their degree abroad at the partner institution and obtain a degree from both institutions. The double degree should be completed within the timeframe of one’s study right. The agreement is made with partner institutions that can offer a deeper understanding of some of the competences required when graduating from your home institution. The content of the studies are carefully compared and agreed on. This is to make sure that the studies completed during the exchange bring qualitative added value to both of the degrees obtained. Arcada has three Double degree agreements in business. Two in Germany with Frankfurt University of Applied Sciences and OTH Regensburg and one in Denmark, with UCL University College in Odense. Only business students from these three institutions can apply for a Double Degree exchange at Arcada. Please be in contact with the International Coordinator at your home institution for information regarding application. The same Arcada application form is used both for ‘normal student exchange’ and for students doing a Double Degree. See Application for exchange studies. The minimum period of stay at the host university in order to obtain both degrees is one academic year worth 60 ECTS. The Double Degree with UCL University College also include a practical placement worth 30 ECTS. The practical placement can be done in Denmark or in Finland. For more information regarding the courses and practical placements, please contact your home institution. NB: As a double degree student, Swedish I & II are compulsory! More information on what courses are available for double degree exchange students read international business courses for exchange students. The student will receive a Transcript of Records from Arcada. Upon graduation - Degree students at Arcada: In order for you to receive your degree certificate from Arcada, please contact the international coordinator at your own UAS in order for her/him to scan and send the following documents to us (studentaffairs@arcada.fi): Your When we have received the scanned documents, we write the degree certificate to you and mail the certificate directly to the stated address stated in the e-mail. In addition, we also send a scanned copy of the degree certificate to your own UAS as well. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Exchange studies at Arcada Double degree Who can apply? How to apply? The Double degree programme After the exchange Upon graduation - Students from another UAS The student informs the Study Coordinators at Student Affairs that he/she has completed a Double Degree when applying for the degree certificate at Arcada The Study Coordinators scan copies of the degree certificate (including transcript of records and Diploma Supplement) to the personnel at the International Affairs at the other UAS The other UAS sends their degree certificate together with a Diploma Supplement to the student It will be visible in the Arcada degree certificate and Diploma Supplement that the student has done a Double Degree Degree certificate Transcript of records Diploma Supplement Certificate of Study (or something similar stating the start- och the end date of your studies and information about periods of presence or absence) Contact information (home address, phone number) Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Financial Technology (FinTech) Further education / Business Breadcrumb Read more! About the course Four reasons to choose these studies Course schedule Contact us about the course Marika Blomster Are you interested in financial services? Are you keen on learning what technologies are playing a crucial part in driving change? Then this course is for you! Please notice that you need to apply by 1) filling in the form and 2) sending in an application letter. Please write a short application letter where you briefly introduce yourself and your professional background. Also describe how your selected module fits your learning and career aspirations, as well as your field of interest related to digitalization and FinTech. The application letter should be 200-300 words. Send your application letter to further@arcada.fi The course focuses on various technologies that drive digitalisation, such as analytics, blockchains and cryptocurrencies. While these technologies can be applied in a broad context, we will examine the impact particularly in financial technology (FinTech). During the courses you will become knowledgeable in a broad range of technologies driving change. We will look at industry transition from several different points of view, including banking services, legislation, FinTech start-ups and multinational technology providers. Throughout the course, you will challenge yourself to understand the big picture and to identify opportunities in this rapidly changing environment. Learning methods for the course include lectures, guest lectures, group- and individual work. The course will also serve as a platform for networking with professionals in the industry. Lectures are held online and on campus (attendance on campus required). Lectures are held on Thursdays and Fridays from 16:30, and on Saturdays 9:30-16:00. The dates are as follows: Further Education Planner E-mail: marika.blomster@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 505 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Financial Technology (FinTech) Price 150 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 10 ECTS Course dates 12.01.2023-25.03.2023 Last application date 06.01.2023 Entry requirements Undergraduate degree (university or university of applied sciences) in Business Administration (or other field + 40 ECTS business studies) and a minimum of two years relevant work experience after graduation. About the course Four reasons to choose these studies Course schedule Contact us about the course You will gain highly relevant insight to the changes taking place within the financial industry This is a great stepping stone for future studies at Master's level, e.g., the Arcada Master's Degree Programme in International Business Management Lecturers and instructors have substantial hands-on industry experience Fellow attendees have diverse backgrounds and experience that will make your learning experience even more valuable 12-14 January 2-4 February 2-4 March 23-25 March Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Business Development in the Nordics Further education / Business Breadcrumb Read more. About the course Four reasons to choose these studies Timetable and learning methods Contact us about the course Marika Blomster Do you view the Nordic market as an interesting opportunity for business growth? Is your company looking to expand in the Nordics or beyond? Then Business Development in the Nordics is the course for you! Please notice that you need to apply by Please write a short application letter where you briefly introduce yourself and your professional background. Also describe how your selected module fits your learning and career aspirations. The application letter should be 200-300 words. Send your application letter to further@arcada.fi Arcada is the only university of applied sciences (UAS) in Finland with a Master’s degree programme that focuses on the Nordic business environment. While we examine Nordic countries in particular, these learnings can also be applied in a broader context. The focus is on both theoretical and practical means for geographical expansion, as well as business opportunities in Nordic countries. We work with practical and real market entry business cases, analysed from inception to implementation. The course is divided into three separate modules, consisting of 5 ECTS each. These are: During the modules, we analyse the Nordic markets and cultural differences within the Nordic area. You will also gain the ability to plan and execute activities for entering a market, both within and outside the Nordics. You will get practical tools for analyzing, planning, establishing, and developing the position of a company in a both a Nordic and international setting. The module will also serve as a platform for networking with professionals in the industry. The course is taught through practical workshops, which are held both online and on campus. All workshops are arranged during weekdays from 16:30, and on Saturdays from 9:30-16:00. The course workshop dates are as follows: The assignments consist of both individual and group assignments. Further Education Planner E-mail: marika.blomster@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 505 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Business Development in the Nordics Price 225 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada University of Applied Sciences Language English Scope 15 ECTS Course dates 19.01.2023-13.05.2023 Last application date 10.01.2023 Entry requirements Undergraduate degree (university or university of applied sciences) in Business Administration (or other field + 40 ECTS business studies) and a minimum of two years relevant work experience after graduation About the course Four reasons to choose these studies Timetable and learning methods Contact us about the course filling in the form and sending in an application letter. Analyzing the Nordic Business Environment Planning and Preparing Market Entry in a Nordic Country Establishing and Developing a Market Position in a Nordic Country No other similar courses are offered in Finland This is a great stepping stone for future studies at Master's level, e.g., the Arcada Master's Degree Programme in International Business Management Lecturers and instructors have substantial hands-on industry experience Fellow attendees have diverse backgrounds and experience that will make your learning experience even more valuable 19-21 January, module 1 9-11 February, module 1 9-11 March, module 2 30-31 March, module 2 1 April, module 2 20-22 April, module 3 11-13 May, module 3 Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu My Future Work 2022: Meet & Greet 25.01.2022 15:00-17:00 - Online My Future Work is Arcada's annual recruiting event where working life meets students. The event offers a great opportunity to get in touch with future talents. During our meet and greet-sessions, you get to meet our students online. A Meet & Greet session is an online event among work life contacts, students and staff. You have twenty minutes for you company presentation and to make your recruitment needs visible. Welcome to join us! Arcada arranges two meet and greet-sessions Tuesday January 25, 2022: Sign up by 10 December 2021. Prices (excluding VAT) Do you have questions about the events? Contact communications@arcada.fi or +358 (0)294 282 699 (Arcada switchboard). Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search 15-17: Culture, digitalisation and business 15-17: Health, society and care Private sector 400 euros Public and third sector 300 euros Start-up 50 euros Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Change language Breadcrumb Choose your language Finnish Swedish English Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Change language Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Accessibility at Arcada Breadcrumb Quick links Accessibility on campus Hämeenkatu 107 Info desk inside Arcada Accessibility is important to Arcada. Our goal is to create study and work environments that take individual differences and diversity into account. Arcada offers special educational support to students who e.g. have hearing, vision or mobility impairments, learning difficulties, or whose studies are obstructed due to injury or illness. Special pedagogical support can for example include extended time for exams, alternative examination forms, or the use of different tools. Through the Arcada library students with reading difficulties get access to audiobooks in Celia, a national library for accessible literature and publishing in Finland. The Arcada library also offers advice and guidance on borrowing and using books through the Celia service. We continuously work on improving the accessibility of Arcada’s websites, and aim at using accessible presentation material during all lectures and other learning activities. We continuously work on improving the accessibility on our campus and in our operations: There are toilets on every floor. Every floor has a larger toilet which is accessible for people with wheelchairs. See the map below to find the nearest accessible restroom, which can accommodate wheelchairs, and the location of the information desk. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Campus and study environments Accessibility at Arcada Accessibility on campus Hämeenkatu 107 Info desk inside Arcada Outside the entrance of Hämeenkatu (Hämeenkatu 107) there is a parking space for mobility impaired. The entrance has a ramp to the first floor of the Arcada building. From the main entrance you can access all floors by using the elevators. The buttons of the elevators are placed on a low height. There are toilets on every floor. Every floor has a larger toilet which is accessible for people with wheelchairs. See the map below to find the nearest accessible restroom, which can accommodate wheelchairs, and the location of the information desk. In the Arcada building there is an evacuation chair which can be used in the event of a fire. Our Big Auditorium is equipped with a hearing loop. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Frequently asked questions about the library Breadcrumb Frequently asked questions about the library Perlego Databases Do you want to know how to renew your loan or print documents? Check out our Q&A. Here you will find the answers to the most frequently asked questions about the library. Here you will find answers to the most common questions about the library You can renew your loans by logging in to Arcada Finna or via Tuudo. A loan can not be renewed if: Log in to Arcada Finna , find the book you need and click on the "reserve title" box. You will receive an e-mail when the book is available for pick up at the library. Only loaned books can be reserved. Short-term loans can not be reserved at all. As a student or staff at Arcada, you will receive a digital library card via Tuudo. Download Tuudo from e.g. Google Play store, then select the library in the menu and click on "add library card". See the instructions video here . External customers can apply for a library card online . If you do not remember your pin code, change it as follows:go to Arcada Finna and click on the "log in" box, then select "Library card (external customers)" and "forgot pin code". If Perlego asks you to pay for the usage, you have registered as a private individual instead of using Arcada's license. Do as follows: If that doesn't work, clear your browser of cookies / cache and try again The next time you log in, do so directly on Perlego . You must be logged in to Arcada's network to access licensed material in the various databases. Search the database via LibGuides or Arcada Finna and login with your Arcada username (if required). The library follows campus opening hours and is open to students and staff with a flex key Monday-Friday at 07.00–21.00. On weekends, the library can be visited between 09.00–17.30. External customers can visit the library on weekdays from 07.00 to 18.00 (after which the front door is locked). Customer service is available on weekdays from 10.00 to 15.00. Exceptions during opening hours may occur. To be able to print, you need credit in your Arcada account. Credits can only be purchased from Arcada's student union ASK. You can go to the ASK office in the Cor house, check the Cor house opening hours here or shop in the online store . Note that it can take 1-2 days before the credits are transferred to your account. More information about the copiers can be found at Start . Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Services Library Frequently asked questions about the library the book is reserved by someone else it is a short-term loan you have late fees over 10 Euro the book is already renewed the maximum number of times Delete your current account if possible, or log out. Register with your Arcada username via this link . Print to the printer called Follow-Me Log in to the copier with your key Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Nordic Conference in health behavior change 24-25.3.2022 24-25.03.2022 09:00-15:00 - Arcada och online Arcada, Folkhälsan and Mälardalen University are jointly organising a conference on how to support change in health behavior and lifestyle. We want to gather researchers, teachers, students and health professionals and highlight both current research and practical applications in behavior change techniques. The conference consists of two parts; lectures by leading researchers followed by a workshop. The workshop on March 25th will be arranged on Arcada's campus. A networking event is also included to promote Nordic reserach co-operation. The language of the conference is English. Read more about the programme on the conference webpage. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Etäratkaisut kuntoutumisen tukena Further education / Social and healthcare Breadcrumb Tavoitteet ja sisältö Koulutuksen rakenne Kenelle koulutus on tarkoitettu Toteutus Hinta Koulutuspaikan vastaanottaminen Peruutusehdot Contact us about the course Marika Blomster Oletko tehnyt etäkuntoutusta vai etkö vielä ole tarttunut sen mahdollisuuksiin? Tällä koulutuksella kehität osaamistasi uudelle tasolle. Tule mukaan! Please note that this course is held in Finnish. Etäratkaisut kuntoutumisen tukena erikoistumiskoulutuksessa tutustutaan ja saadaan kokemuksia erilaisista digitaalisista palveluista ja ratkaisuista. Koulutuksessa saat kehittää ja syventää omaan työtäsi tukevia etäkuntoutuksen toimintatapoja. Koulutuksessa keskitytään etäkuntoutuksen palvelujen tuottamiseen asiakaslähtöisesti ja vuorovaikutteisesti digitaalisuutta hyödyntäen. Erikoistumiskoulutukset ovat korkeakoulututkinnon tai aiemman opistoasteen tutkinnon suorittaneille, työelämässä kuntoutusalalla toimineille/toimiville suunnattuja ammatillista kehittymistä ja erikoistumista edistäviä opintoja. Seuraava koulutus toteutetaan 3.5.2022 -31.4.2023. Koulutuksen laajuus on 30 opintopistettä. Alku- ja lopputapaamista lukuun ottamatta koulutus toteutetaan verkossa etäopintoina. Koulutus toteutetaan yhteistyössä Arcadan, Laurea-ammattikorkeakoulun ja Metropolia Ammattikorkeakoulun kanssa. Vid behov erbjuder Arcada handledning på svenska. Koulutus on Opetus- ja Kulttuuriministeriön tukemaa erikoistumiskoulutusta. Koulutuksen hinta on opiskelijalle 900 euroa (sis. alv.). Huomaathan, että sinun tulee vastaanottaa tarjottu koulutuspaikka 1.4.2022 mennessä. Saat asiasta lisäohjeita sähköpostitse ennen määräaikaa. Ilmoittautuminen koulutukseen on sitova. Osallistujat valitaan hakemusten perusteella. Koulutuksen peruutus tulee tehdä kirjallisesti. 1.4.2022 jälkeen tehdyistä peruutuksista pidätämme/veloitamme peruutusmaksun 310,00 € kulujen kattamiseksi. 14.4.2022 jälkeen tehdyistä peruutuksista osallistujamaksua ei palauteta ja ilmoittautunut sitoutuu maksamaan osallistumismaksun. Further Education Planner E-mail: marika.blomster@arcada.fi Phone number: 0294 282 505 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Continuing Education Course Calendar Etäratkaisut kuntoutumisen tukena Price 900 € + 0% VAT Conductor Arcada, Laurea ja Metropolia Language Finnish Scope 30 ECTS Course dates 03.05.2022-30.04.2023 Last application date 16.03.2022 Kuntoutuksen etäratkaisujen asiantuntijaksi kehittyminen 10 op Etäratkaisujen kehittäminen palvelumuotoilun keinoin 10 op Henkilölähtöisyys ja kohtaaminen digitaalisessa ympäristössä 5 op Etäratkaisujen vaikuttavuuden ja käytettävyyden arviointi 5 op Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Support for Human, robotics and AI Breadcrumb Donate now Sustainable and ethical development of digital solutions The environment will enable: Support Arcada here ! New technology is rapidly changing the society and affecting several of the daily goods and services we use today. Arcada wants to create a center where we can develop, test and present digital business and service solutions and make them safe, accessible and understandable for everyone. Working life is changing when new production methods and business models are developed in a rapid pace. New technology is playing an increasingly important role in all sectors of society and creates conditions for streamlining work and processes, but also contributes to new challenges. Privatization of digital infrastructure, the spread of misinformation and increased polarization mean that curiosity, critical thinking and willingness to cooperate become qualities that all citizens need to possess. With cutting-edge knowledge in trustworthy artificial intelligence (AI) we now want to create a learning and research environment where future digital solutions are developed. We have identified the need for a center where we can work across industries to increase understanding of the challenges and opportunities that digitalization entails. We need to create conditions for education and informing about the possibilities with robotics and AI, but also physical and digital platforms where we can develop new digital solutions. The new environment will bring together students, business representatives, researchers and lecturers. The environment exudes curiosity and forward thinking and will be a place for the development of secure and accessible digital solutions, which after testing and evaluation can be implemented in business and society. To be able to build the environment we need technical, audiovisual and IT equipment that enables research, education and co-creation. Come and ensure that the experts of the future have the cutting-edge skills needed to develop new digital solutions for society's needs! Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Cooperation and Services Fundraising Stöd för människan, robotik och AI Higher technical level of knowledge through interdisciplinary meeting and test environments Better conditions for research in robotics and AI Sustainable and ethical technical development based on research and co-creation Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Nordic Day 2022: Diverse Stories, Common Ground and a Shared Future 23.03.2022 09:00-12:00 - Arcada or online Nordic Day 2022 Programme: The panel members are: The 23 of March is a day to celebrate the Nordic community and make it even bigger. We invite you to join the seminar Nordic Day 2022: Diverse Stories, Common Ground and a Shared Future. Please register here. External link You can either participate in the Big auditorium on Arcada’s campus or follow the seminar online via Arcada’s Youtube channel External link . Join us for a morning of presentations and dialogues on the importance of being true to oneself and still find common ground! The seminar kicks off from two phenomena that skyrocket currently, new nordic stories and identities and gaming. Questions addressed during the morning include: What is the contemporary story of the Nordic people in a globalized tech-driven world? How do new stories emerge and contribute in shaping and developing interaction between individuals, groups, communities and different demographics? How do students get access to these worlds and create their own stories? Meet persons who have aspired to redefine the norms, reimagine what creative work could or should be! 9.00 Welcoming words Lotta Sjöblom, Head of service, Prakticum Paula Linderbäck, Head of RDI, Högskolan på Åland Samuel Reuter, Chief of development, Folkhälsan 9.15 Keynote: Postinvandringslitteratur: att omskriva Norden Maïmouna Jagne-Soreau, Dr. of Philosophy in Scandinavian literature and post doc at Helsinki University Maïmouna Jagne-Soreau is a researcher and Doctor of Philosophy in Scandinavian Literature, specialising in issues of anti-racism, racialisation and whiteness. She received her PhD in 2021 from the University of Helsinki and Paris-Sorbonne with a thesis on postmigration literature in the Nordic countries: the literary representation of non-white people born and raised in the Nordic countries. From there, she will discuss how processes of racialization through literature invite new thinking: who is Finnish, Swedish or Norwegian today? What does it mean to belong to the Nordic people? 9.45 Keynote Diversity & Inclusion Through Interactive Storytelling Natasha Skult, CEO & Creative Director at MiTale Natasha Skult is the CEO & Creative Director at MiTale: a game development company which creates games, visualizations and experiences where stories come first. In her talk she will address challenges and opportunities in the creation of diverse stories, diverse expertise, diverse teams, empowering individuality and finally, representation- why it matters! 10.05-10.15 Break 10.15 grit:lab – Innovative teacher-free coding school Anna-Lena Svenblad, Co-director at grit:lab and Corporate Development Director at Paf Jenny Schauman-Linevik, Social Media Manager at grit:lab and HR Specialist at Paf Ever heard of a school without teachers? grit:lab is a new innovative coding school in the Åland Islands! Here, you’ll explore the world of coding in close collaboration with your peers and learn from both your failures and successes. Your studies will be shaped around levels and scores, creating a completely gamified learning experience where you’ll be able to see your progress in real time. Zero tuition, zero teachers and zero classes. – Learn to code and change the game. 10.30 Panel discussion The morning is moderated by Ida Flemmich and Tomas Träskman. Please register here. You can either participate in the Big auditorium on Arcada’s campus or follow the seminar online via Arcada’s Youtube channel . The seminar is organized as a collaboration between Arcada, Folkhälsan, Högskolan på Åland and Prakticum. #diversestories #commonground #sharedfuture #nordicday2022 #nordiskadagen2022 Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Oona Luostarinen, UX/UI designer Natasha Skult, CEO & Creative Director at MiTale: a game development company Maïmouna Jagne-Soreau, Dr. of Philosophy in Scandinavian literature and post doc at Helsinki University Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu English language requirements Breadcrumb Quick links Accepted language certificates and minimum requirements Other ways to prove English language proficiency All applicants are required to prove their English language skills in this application in one of the ways listed on this web page. Required English language proficiency is to be demonstrated in one of the ways listed below. This is mandatory and an application can not be submitted without this. The language certificate must be valid during the application period (until 20.11.2024) and is a mandatory attachment when submitting the application. The language certificate must be verifiable in the database by 28th May 2025. Arcada strives to accept electronic copies of language certificates submitted directly from the testing organisation. Please request your score report to be submitted to Arcada UAS when you register for the Cambridge, Pearson or TOEFL tests. Also IELTS test takers can request the result to be sent to Arcada directly but as results can be verified online, a paper copy of test result is accepted. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Bachelor's Application Apply to International Business, Information Technology or Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering English language requirements Accepted language certificates and minimum requirements Other ways to prove English language proficiency Cambridge ESOL’s tests B2 First (First Certificate in English) Cambridge Advanced: minimum score 170 include your Candidate ID and Candidate Secret number when sending your results to Arcada minimum score 170 include your Candidate ID and Candidate Secret number when sending your results to Arcada Pearson Test of English Academic or Academic online: minimum score 51 results are accepted only when sent through the online PTE account valid for two years minimum score 51 results are accepted only when sent through the online PTE account valid for two years IELTS or IELTS online ; academic: minimum overall band score 6.0 valid for two years minimum overall band score 6.0 valid for two years TOEFL Internet-based or Home Edition test: minimum score 79 test result must arrive directly from the Educational Testing Service Arcada's TOEFL code 5724 valid for two years minimum score 79 test result must arrive directly from the Educational Testing Service Arcada's TOEFL code 5724 valid for two years Finnish matriculation examination, grade C in the advanced syllabus test in the English language. If you have completed the Finnish matriculation examination before 1990 you must submit a certificate of language proficiency in case your matriculation score does not meet the requirements. IB Education : International Baccalaureate diploma or certitifate completed at an IB school. An IB diploma and certificate that is completed during spring/summer 2025 is accepted as proof of English skills. An upper secondary level certificate or a bachelor’s or master’s degree completed in English in the United Kingdom, Ireland, the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand or South Africa, excluding online degrees and offshore campuses. A minimum 60% of the of the degree must have been completed on location in one of the before mentioned countries. Bachelor’s or master’s degree completed in English in an EU/EEA country, excluding online degrees and offshore campuses. A minimum of 60% of the degree must have been completed on location in one of the EU/EEA countries. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Admission through SAT test Breadcrumb Quick links Arcada's SAT requirements Minimum accepted scores Test dates Sending scores to Arcada Practice taking the test On this page you will find more information on admission through the SAT test. You can only choose one application method in your application as a basis for admission, and to submit an application you must include: A) SAT test score and proof of English language proficiency or B) OMPT test score and proof of English language proficiency The SAT is used in admission for the degree programmes in International Business, Information Technology and Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering. The SAT is an international test administered by the College Board. Please read more about the SAT test here. You can select the SAT and interview as your application method. This selection method, consisting of the SAT test and interview, is separate for each programme. This means that an applicant applying to two or more of the International Business, Information Technology and Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering programmes can take one SAT test, but has to participate in two or three separate interviews. Note that you may not submit your application without including a copy of your SAT score. You must therefore have taken the SAT test, and already received your score before you can apply. If you wish to apply with the SAT test from March or May 2025 you need to submit an e-mail confirmation of your appointment to the test. Note that you also need to submit proof of English language skills. The SAT test required for admission to Arcada consists of: The essay included in the SAT test is not required when applying to Arcada. Subject test is not accepted. Only the new version of the SAT test (completed after March 2016) is accepted. Please note the test dates and that registration for the test usually is one (1) month in advance! Make sure to choose Arcada as recipient of the test scores when signing up for the test. You can find the International SAT dates and deadlines here. Please be aware that if you wish to write the March or May 2025 SAT test you need to attach a confirmation of the test appointment with your application (except if the March test has already passed. Then the score report suffices). In addition to including your score when submitting your application, you must also order an official SAT score report straight from the test organiser. If you have already completed a SAT test, you must request a score to be delivered to Arcada directly. Read more about how to send the SAT score. Arcada's SAT code is 7151. All SAT test scores are verified through the SAT database. To be considered for admission through the SAT test, you must have ordered your SAT score to Arcada so that it can be verified by 28th May 2025 at the latest. If a result that is equal to or above our requirements is verified in the database, the application moves on to the next step of the selection process, which is the interview. Invitations to the interviews will be sent out via e-mail.An applicant whose score can not be verified by said date can not be considered for admission. Did you know that you can practice taking the SAT test free of charge? Learn more about that here. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Bachelor's Application Apply to International Business, Information Technology or Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering Admission through SAT test Arcada's SAT requirements Minimum accepted scores Test dates Sending scores to Arcada Practice taking the test reading, writing and language test math test Total minimum score: 1100 points Reading, writing and language test: Minimum score 500 points Math: Minimum score 500 points for International Business; 550 points for Information Technology and Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Admission through OMPT test Breadcrumb Quick links OMPT test versions and requirements On this page you will find more information on admission through the OMPT exam You can only choose one application method in your application as the basis for admission: A) SAT test score and proof of English language proficiency or B) OMPT test and proof of English language proficiency.You can select the OMPT and interview as your application method. This selection method, consisting of the OMPT test and interview, is separate for each programme. This means that an applicant applying to two or more of the International Business, Information Technology and Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering programmes must take two or three separate OMPT tests, and also participate in two or three separate interviews. Note that you may not submit your application without including a copy of your OMPT score. You must therefore have taken the OMPT test, and already received your score before you can apply. The OMPT test is an online admissions test, which has been used for higher education institutions' international admission. The OMPT can be taken from anywhere, at any time. Please read more on the OMPT test here. When registering for the OMPT test, you will be directed to the right version of the test when selecting which of Arcada's bachelor's programme you are applying to. International Business requires the OMPT-A test while Information Technology requires the OMPT-B test, and Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering requires applicants to take the OMPT-G test. All tests will assess the applicant's skills in mathematics, but the test for Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering also includes questions in physics and chemistry. Take the OMPT test before you apply!An application cannot be submitted without an OMPT score report. Thus all applicants applying through this selection method must first register for and take the OMPT test as well as receive their digital score report before they can submit an application to Arcada. Register for the test OMPT test here .Arcada allows for three attempts of the OMPT test in order to achieve our pass requirement of 55 % for one of the tests.All OMPT results will be verified through the OMPT database. If a result that is equal to or above our requirements is verified in the database, the application moves on to the next step of the selection process, which is the interview. Invitations to the interviews will be sent out via e-mail.When registering for the test, you should also order your score to be sent directly to Arcada.Applicants whose OMPT score cannot be verified by 28th May 2025 cannot be considered for admission. Arcada provides a 230 euro deduction on the first year's tuition fee for students who are admitted based on the OMPT test + interview and accept their study place offer. This is to cover the costs associated with one test attempt. This deduction is applied automatically without any action needed from the student and is only applicable to tuition fee paying students. The amount cannot be increased, regardless of how many attempts or tests the applicant has taken. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Bachelor's Application Apply to International Business, Information Technology or Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering Admission through OMPT test OMPT test versions and requirements Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Supporting documents Breadcrumb Quick links Supporting documents Translation to Swedish, Finnish or English Original certificates How to submit documents List of supporting documents: Here you can find detailed information on which supporting documents to submit when you apply to Arcada. In this continuous separate application to Arcada, it is not possible to submit an application without a result of the chosen selection method: SAT or OMPT, as well as proof of English language proficiency. As Arcada uses a continuous application, you should submit all documents when you submit your application. It is also possible to submit other required documents except the English language proficiency and the SAT or OMPT test result later, however no later than 28th May 2025 at 3 PM (UTC +3). Here you can find detailed information on which supporting documents to submit when you apply to Arcada. As the eligibility is checked only for those who have passed the OMPT test + interview or the SAT test + interview, the sooner the application is complete, the sooner you can be admitted. If you, despite a reminder, do not complete your application with the required documents or submit incomplete documents by the set deadline, you cannot be admitted. Please see the list at the bottom of this page to find detailed information on which supporting documents to submit. All educational certificates in languages other than Swedish, Finnish or English must be translated. All certificates in other languages have to be translated into one of these languages by an officially certified translator. A copy of the original document (in original language) shall also be submitted. The translation shall bear the stamp and signature of the translator. Admission is not final until the original certificates have been checked by Arcada. You will need to submit your original certificates by the start of your studies. Any false information regarding qualifications will make you disqualified for admission. When you fill in the application form, you are at the same time requested to upload application documents that are needed for processing your application. If you wish to upload your documents at a later time, you can do that through the link found in the application confirmation e-mail you received when you applied. If you apply with a qualification completed in Finland, you do not in general need to send in a copy at the time of application. If you are completing your qualification in Finland, i.e. the Matriculation examination or a vocational degree, the qualification must be completed and a copy of the final certificate submitted in July 2025 or when you accept your study place. NB! If you completed your Finnish Matriculation examination prior to 1990 you should submit a copy as soon as possible, however no later than 28th May 2025. Higher education degrees (bachelor's or master's degrees) completed in Finland can be checked in the application register and do not need to be submitted as proof of eligibility. If you apply with an International Matriculation examination, i.e. the International Baccalaureate (IB), European Baccalaureate (EB) or Reifeprüfung (RP), copies of the completed diplomas and their official translations should submitted as soon as possible, however no later than 28th May 2025. If you are completing your diploma/degree during the application, in spring/summer 2025, you should send in your Predicted Grades or Equivalent. A copy of the final certificate of applicants who complete an RP or EB diploma during the application period (Transcript of Grades for those completing an IB diploma) must be delivered in July (date to be announced) or when you accept your study place. If you apply with a qualification obtained outside of Finland, this applies to you. If you have completed your degree/qualification/diploma you should submit a copy of the final degree certificate, together with an official translation as soon as possible, however no later than 28th May 2025. If you are completing your secondary qualification/degree/diploma during spring/summer 2025, you should submit a certificate/statement issued by the school stating that you are graduating in spring/summer 2025. You should submit a copy with an official translation of the final/temporary certificate when you accept your study place. If you are applying with a SAT score you must attach a copy of your result to your application. If you wish to apply with the SAT test from March or May you need to submit a confirmation of your appointment to the test.You must also order an official SAT score report so that it is at Arcada at hand no later than 28th May 2025. Please attach the receipt of this to your application. If you are applying with an OMPT score you must attach a copy of your result to your application.You must also ensure that you order your score to be at Arcada no later than 28th May 2025. Please note that the OMPT tests open on October 1st 2024. You are required to submit your certificates of English language proficiency at the time of submitting the application (need to be valid during the application period). The language certificate needs to meet the requirements. When signing up for a language test, please select the option to send your scores directly to Arcada. In most cases we do not accept paper score reports submitted by the applicant. Instead, they should come directly from the testing center. Decisions to grant asylum or residence permits issued on the basis of a need for protection of refugees or applicants in a refugee-like situation should be submitted as soon as possible, however no later than 28th May 2025. In addition to the application documents, you should submit a copy of passport or residence permit document proving exemption from tuition fees: All applicants are required to submit valid proof of identification. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home Study at Arcada Application Bachelor's Application Apply to International Business, Information Technology or Mechanical and Sustainable Engineering Supporting documents Supporting documents Passport ID page or ID card of EU/EEA/Switzerland which states citizenship Passport ID page (all other citizenships) Residence permit card, both sides; Type A (other type A than student visa), Type P or type P-EU EU Family Member's Residence Card in Finland Passport National Id card issued in an EU/EEA-country Finnish Id card Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Annual Report 2021 Breadcrumb Main menu Key Figures Financial Report and Annual Review (in Swedish) File File In focus Rector's review Arcada 25 Nordic cooperation will strengthen Arcada’s global relevance New technology supports sustainable development 2021 will go down in history as both an exciting year and a turbulent year. Arcada began celebrating its 25th anniversary in the shadow of the COVID-19 pandemic – but refused to be in any way inhibited by it. For the second year in a row Arcada had a record number of graduates, with 534 new alumni. Below you can download the financial report and annual review in Swedish. Financial report: Annual review: Find out more about what happened at Arcada during the year by clicking on the links below. 2021 will go down in history as both an exciting year and a turbulent year. Arcada University of Applied Sciences (UAS) began celebrating its 25th anniversary in the shadow of the COVID-19 pandemic – but refused to be in any way inhibited by it. For the second year in a row Arcada had a record number of graduates, with 534 new alumni. In the mid-1990’s, the university of applied sciences idea took off in earnest and in 1996 Arcada University of Applied Sciences (UAS) was established as a Swedish-language polytechnic. A lot has happened in the 25 years since then. Today, Arcada is an international UAS, offering both education in practical fields and programme destinations with a focus on research, development and innovation. Arcada aims to strengthen its role as an international university of applied sciences (UAS) and to gain an even stronger foothold in international research projects. The path leading there is Nordic – Arcada’s collaboration with other higher education institutions (HEIs) in the Nordic countries must be widened and deepened. Arcada’s Energy and Environmental Engineering programme was updated with three new profiles in the autumn of 2021. The education profiles of electrical engineering and renewable energy, digital systems and automation as well as the smart energy system profile represent advanced competence in digitalisation and sustainability. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2021 Highlights 2021 Rector's review At 25, Arcada is an international, competitive UAS Nordic cooperation will strengthen Arcada’s global relevance New technology supports sustainable development – Arcada’s engineering programme was updated with new profiles Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu At 25, Arcada is an international, competitive UAS Breadcrumb A supporter of a bilingual society and globalisation Arcada at 50 – a cooperating UAS with a strong technological competence Timeline In the mid-1990’s, the university of applied sciences idea took off in earnest and in 1996 Arcada University of Applied Sciences (UAS) was established as a Swedish-language polytechnic. A lot has happened in the 25 years since then. Today, Arcada is an international UAS, offering both education in practical fields and programme destinations with a focus on research, development and innovation. Jan-Erik Krusberg, director of strategic planning at Arcada, has spent almost his entire working career at universities of applied sciences. He retired on February 1st 2022 after 43 years in UAS education. He started out at Hanken School of Economics and joined Arcada in 1998. Since then, he has taken up the appointments of prefect, vice rector, head of development, development director and now, director of strategic planning. Krusberg, in other words, was there almost from the beginning. Today, he can proudly say that Arcada has developed into a proper university of applied sciences, one that not only provides technical vocational degree programmes but is also a noteworthy research stakeholder. – One of the biggest changes compared to the mid 1990’s is the RDI, that is, the part of Arcada where the focus is on research, development and innovation. In the beginning, there was no such thing as RDI on the agenda – a university of applied sciences was not expected to engage in those areas, says Krusberg. The environment today is quite different: RDI is a very important part of the financing model and something a UAS is expected to embrace. The RDI activities must reach a sufficient extent and adding the master level was a factor in achieving this, says Krusberg. When asked his opinion on Arcada’s role in the Finnish UAS sector, Krusberg mentions two points of departure: the language aspect and Arcada’s location in the metropolitan area. The first point raises the question “is there a need for Swedish-language universities of applied sciences”? According to Krusberg, the answer is yes. – I think we need institutions that support a bilingual society, universities of applied sciences, for instance. In practise, we have to be trilingual anyway, and work in Swedish, Finnish and English. Our premise is that we need to strengthen the Swedish-language institutions of our country in order to have a stronger bilingual Finland, says Krusberg. Originally, Arcada’s name was Arcada – Nylands svenska yrkeshögskola (in English: Arcada – Swedish language university of applied sciences of Uusimaa). The reasoning was that universities of applied sciences should have a strong regional link and “serve” a particular region. Arcada was the first UAS to use their own name in order to distance themselves from the, in Krusberg’s opinion, overly strong regional emphasis. In 2004 Arcada relocated several different units in Helsinki to the Arabianranta address. Krusberg points out the great importance of the decision to concentrate operations to one campus. In this, too, Arcada was a pioneer among Finnish universities of applied sciences. – After the move, we were the only UAS with everything on a single campus. Having the lectures in physical proximity gave rise to more cooperation, new thinking and new opportunities. This provided the basis for our interdisciplinary approach, which is the main issue when examining RDI. We asked the question “How can we take advantage of our competence across the borders?” In the professions, this is a great advantage, says Krusberg. Today, more than 50 nationalities are found on the Arcada campus and our tuition fee earnings exceed half a million euros annually. The relocation to Arabianranta had other benefits, too. Arcada’s campus is located in Helsinki, which is very important in order to attract international students. A strong international focus is another area where Arcada has been a pioneer among universities of applied sciences. – We were the first to offer degree programmes in English in several different areas and the first to attract significant numbers of international students, including students from countries outside the EU. Today, more than 50 nationalities are found on the Arcada campus and our tuition fee earnings exceed half a million euros annually. Arcada is a relatively small UAS with several degree programmes. Arcada has a social function in the language area – in Finland there is a need for Swedish-language education in the sectors where Swedish is particularly important, such as the health care and culture sectors. The small size is something of a double-edged sword, however. On one hand it facilitates the interdisciplinary approach and provides flexibility, but on the other hand it means some degree programmes remain confined and isolated. Cooperation is essential, if Arcada is to keep up with national and international competition. – The closer our internal cooperation, the better our prospects of maintaining the number of degree programmes. In order to maintain our relevance and visibility in the future, we need to emphasise that which makes us unique to an even greater extent and also to expand our contacts with other higher education institutions even more. We mustn’t try to do everything ourselves. Krusberg foresees a great reset in the global UAS sector. Arcada must be at the top of their game in research, at least in Europe. The focus should be on the important global issues, such as the various aspects of the climate question. It is also increasingly important that Arcada offers education that is accessible regardless of the geographical origins of students. Whether we are stricken by a pandemic or not, there is always a need to improve accessibility. There must be different ways of providing education. – We must keep the focus on student-centred education. Students have individual wishes concerning the how and where to complete their studies. We must harness modern technology as a competitive tool while maintaining our pedagogic quality. In Krusberg’s opinion, the question is to what extent we can employ the available technology. The location itself, the campus, is important, but not as important as it used to be. – We will see increased “back office” activities, that is, the digital support that teachers and students require. We must harness modern technology as a competitive tool while maintaining our pedagogic quality. Krusberg points out, however, that distance learning can’t replace everything. The pandemic will have a huge impact on the students of today. There has to be both social proximity and the alternative to participate online. This is where Arcada’s modest size is an advantage. The fact remains, however: Arcada needs to have the courage to develop RDI operations in order to remain at the cutting edge in 25 years. – A significant number of teachers should hold PhDs in order for Arcada to maintain a high level of research. We also have to improve our capacity to deliver flexible education and to increase those volumes. It will be even more important than delivering a certain number of degrees, even though that will still be important, too. Also, the degrees must be made more comprehensive. All in all, Krusberg is pleased with developments so far and envisions a bright future for Arcada. – 25 years later, nobody asks the universities of applied sciences to justify themselves. Arcada has become an international and competitive UAS. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2021 At 25, Arcada is an international, competitive UAS In the mid-1990’s, the first Finnish universities of applied sciences were established. In 1996 Arcada University of Applied Sciences, a Swedish-language UAS, was established. In 1998 Arcada was granted a concession as a full university of applied sciences. In 2004 all Arcada units moved together to one campus at Arabianranta, Helsinki. At the same time Arcada began a student housing building project on campus, with more than 600 completed units as of 2021. In 2021 Arcada turned 25, which will be celebrated through the Arcada 25 campaign over the 2021–2022 academic year. Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Nordic cooperation will strengthen Arcada’s global relevance Breadcrumb A Nordic seminar Arcada aims to strengthen its role as an international university of applied sciences (UAS) and to gain an even stronger foothold in international research projects. The path leading there is Nordic – Arcada’s collaboration with other higher education institutions (HEIs) in the Nordic countries must be widened and deepened. – Arcada has the language, location and strong traditions that makes us well positioned to achieve this, says Camilla Wikström-Grotell, Director for academic partnerships. Arcada has engaged in Nordic cooperation ever since the UAS was established. The goal is quite clearly expressed in the current strategy: one of the aims for 2030 is to create “a Nordic network programme for global relevance”. – Universities of applied sciences are faced with increasing demands. Our social responsibility is not restricted to our own country and our neighbouring region, but includes complex questions such as sustainability. Universities of applied sciences should contribute to a better world. Nobody can achieve this alone. It takes transdisciplinary cooperation with other parties, says Wikström-Grotell. Arcada’s focus is on Nordic cooperation in the long term and it has many dimensions. – Overall, it is about strengthening Arcada’s education and research, and maintaining a high level of quality. We can achieve this through strong and effective Nordic networks. These cement our role in international research projects and improve our access to international research grants, since HEIs can apply for them collectively. Today, Arcada has concluded strategic partnerships with Mälardalen University in Eskilstuna, Sweden (since 2012) and Kristiania University College in Oslo, Norway (since 2021). In contrast to the dozens of other mobility agreements that Arcada has concluded, these two agreements are deeper collaborations, and they include the entire scope of Arcada’s operations. Arcada’s work with Mälardalen University is focussed on health, welfare and the social sector. Arcada’s first affiliated professor, Anne Söderlund is a physiotherapy professor from Mälardalen. With Kristiania University College the work is focussed on economics, IT and media, but will be extended in the future. – We have entered a phase where our cooperation with partners in Norway and Sweden is being deepened and intensified. In the long term, we will create permanent operational models in research and extend our cooperation with other Nordic partners. Our aim is to make this a permanent feature of Arcada’s operations. Apart from agreements with other Nordic HEIs, Arcada participates in a number of research projects of a Nordic and international nature. Ditepract and VAKEN are two examples. – The EU has financed Ditepract, an extensive international pedagogic project that aims to develop online and hybrid teaching strategies to support the teaching of practical skills. How, for instance, can we design simulations in distance education? The Nordic-Baltic project VAKEN is designed to support students to gain competence in soft skills, such as creativity, leadership, problem-solving and critical thinking, says Wikström-Grotell. The Nordic Council of Ministers celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2021. Meanwhile, Arcada, together with Folkhälsan, Åland University of Applied Sciences and Prakticum organised a first seminar together, something that will become an annual Nordic event. The notion matured when Arcada’s Nordic profile gained strong prominence due to the latest strategy of the UAS. – We must throw a light on all the work we perform with our Nordic partners – work that all too easily remains invisible both internally and externally. The seminar was a great collaboration with the Nordic Council of Ministers and we were able to showcase our Nordic profile, as well as our skills and competence within the scope of the Nordic welfare model and sustainable development, Wikström-Grotell says. A strong partnership of institutions from the Swedish-speaking parts of Finland were behind the seminar. – We have a responsibility to Finland as a whole to share skills and competence from the other Nordic countries and a shared language makes it so much easier, says Wikström-Grotell. In other words, the efforts directed toward Nordic collaboration permeate all of Arcada. Wikström-Grotell thinks that the degree programmes are the key to achieving extended Nordic cooperation. – Nordic cooperation must be an everyday part of operations at Arcada. A strategy lives, develops and empowers us by the efforts of our students, our teachers and researchers. We already have a number of courses in common with other Nordic HEIs. In the longer term, I hope we shall have joint degree programmes as well, particularly at the master level. Wikström-Grotell also mentions continuous learning. – Strong networks with other HEIs provide opportunities for those who have already entered the labour market to develop their skill set. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2021 Nordic cooperation will strengthen Arcada’s global relevance Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu New technology supports sustainable development – Arcada’s engineering programme was updated with new profiles Breadcrumb Future skills Responsible and green universities of applied sciences Profiles and content Electrical engineering and renewable energy Digital systems and automation Smart energy systems Arcada’s Energy and Environmental Engineering programme was updated with three new profiles in the autumn of 2021. The education profiles of electrical engineering and renewable energy, digital systems and automation as well as the smart energy system profile represent advanced competence in digitalisation and sustainability. In Arcada’s Energy and Environmental Engineering programme students develop smart solutions designed to make the world a better place. The programme combines ecological and ethical sustainability with technology and digital opportunities. – We need engineers that are well versed in questions of energy and the environment to lead the development toward a climate neutral society. By introducing these three new profiles we are better placed to meet the requirements that industry forecasts predict, says Kim Roos, Degree Programme Director of the energy and environmental engineering programme at Arcada. The three new profiles of electrical engineering and renewable energy, digital systems and automation as well as the smart energy system profile, all require 75 credits. They provide the opportunity to gain a more profound and customised skill set in the chosen branch. The profile is chosen after the first year, which means that all students receive the same broad, basic competence and then choose a path depending on their interests and visions of a future career. – The profiles provide added value to their education and improve flexibility. Meanwhile, the students continue to network and exchange knowledge, regardless of their choice of profile, says Roos. Together with representatives from the industry, such as corporate partners and Arcada alumni, the Energy and Environmental Engineering programme has identified areas of competence that will be in demand in the future as well as areas that will require completely new skill sets. – Close relations and cooperation with the industry is a key factor for the studies as a whole. We try to provide our students with cutting edge content by organising meetings with representatives of the industry. These include guest lecturers, national and international networking, visits to businesses and IRL customers who place project orders with us, says Roos. All three profiles are based on sustainability and digitalisation. In addition, the profiles include their own areas of specialisation. – In the electrical engineering and renewable energy profile we focus on energy transfer and storage. As we reduce our fossil fuel consumption, we have to produce energy from renewable sources, such as solar and wind. Having captured energy in the form of electricity, we can transfer it safely and with a comparatively high degree of efficiency, says Roos. According to Roos, future engineers will have to gain skills in optimising various industrial processes and this is highlighted in the Digital systems and automation profile. – The energy and environment sector digitalisation is mainly a question of optimising industrial processes. We use process identification to create models for processes or partial processes. When we have a model, we can optimise operations in order to make the solution as sustainable as possible. The Smart energy system profile touches on the other two profiles and combines studies in renewable energy and digital systems, for instance machine learning and artificial intelligence. As an educational actor, Arcada has an important mission when it comes to sustainable social development. The Energy and Environmental Engineering programme has been based on this from the beginning. – All the UASs have undertaken to be sustainable, responsible and carbon neutral by 2030. This is evident in every activity at Arcada. Society is certainly changing, but we take part in that change and influence it because we educate those who are future actors in the industry. The common programme of the universities of applied sciences is guided by the 2015 UN agenda for sustainable development. Education and research are a way for the UASs to make an active contribution to sustainable development and to reduce the carbon footprint. – Our students feel that sustainability is important and often state sustainability as the reason for choosing this degree programme. They want a job that makes a difference, says Roos. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2021 New technology supports sustainable development – Arcada’s engineering programme was updated with new profiles Electrical engineering, basics Renewable energy Electrical engineering Automation Digital systems Applied digital systems / automation (project course) Renewable energy Digital systems Smart energy systems (project course) Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Looking firmly ahead Breadcrumb Successful degree programmes Cooperation and sustainability 2021 will go down in history as both an exciting year and a turbulent year. Arcada University of Applied Sciences (UAS) began celebrating its 25th anniversary in the shadow of the COVID-19 pandemic – but refused to be in any way inhibited by it. For the second year in a row Arcada had a record number of graduates, with 534 new alumni. Arcada has every reason to be proud of both students and staff. They also deserve heartfelt thanks for their efforts under the current trying circumstances. The research projects at Arcada also had some important achievements with socially relevant projects initiated during the year. One of them, for instance, looks at the question of using social robots in health care while another project is designed to develop algorithms for dialect recognition. Both projects will contribute to solving challenges in the hard-pressed health care sector of this country. They create and test solutions that makes the interaction with supporting technology easy and pleasant for health care professionals. I encourage you to look up Highlights 2021 for more examples of our projects. All the projects contribute to smart solutions for a sustainable future and a dynamic career, precisely as intended in Arcada’s strategy. Our contributions to the Swedish culture sphere in Finland were also significant, with a number of Arcada productions receiving awards in 2021. Two film productions received national awards: The short film Death of a Boy received two awards in the film festival Love & Anarchy's competition for domestic short films, and an Arcada film team was given a Finnish Film Foundation PITCH2021 award for pitching the short film DE VA DE. In addition, international success was earned with a finished production, the drama series Fejd, was picked for the Nordic Talents Pitch Competition. When the national broadcaster Yle, for the second year in a row, shows an interest in acquiring productions by Arcada’s students for their streaming service Arena, it says something about the level of the culture and media education at Arcada. During the year, Arcada’s degree programmes have acquired distinction in other ways, too. In March 2021 it became evident that Arcada’s nursing programme is of a very high standard, the best in the country, according to national quality indicators. Arcada’s simulation centre, Arcada Patient Safety and Learning Center (APSLC), used in every care-oriented degree programme, also received an award in October for exemplary work in improving patient safety through simulation learning and activities from the Finnish Society for Patient and Client Safety (SPTY). A new set of courses in circular economy, aimed specifically at engineers, was launched during the summer. This is part of our sustainability work and also provides an opportunity for working engineers to update their skills in environmentally friendly production methods, product life-cycles, minimising waste and in sustainable work processes. Arcada, together with neighbouring Prakticum, took on a regional social responsibility by initiating and launching a new career centre, with new supporting services for a broad target group. In April 2021, Karriärcenter Arabia was launched, offering career guidance for everyone interested in studies or further education in Swedish in Finland, on campus or online. Beginning in summer, another Arcada counselling service, Supporting Immigrants in Higher Education (SIMHE) was launched to provide counselling for those who wish to integrate with Swedish as the first language. In the beginning of autumn this was strengthened by a new cooperative agreement between Arcada, Prakticum, Arbis in Helsinki and Borgå folkakademi. In the sustainability area, Arcada chose the UN sustainability target as a way to highlight the measures we have taken and the choices we have made. From 2021 Arcada throws light on the way all new research projects and degree courses relate to the global aims. On campus everyone, both students and staff, are reminded of the common responsibility to build a sustainable future. This is in part supported by the activity-based way of working our staff has adopted, beginning last autumn. Our new activity-based way of using the campus promotes staff health while reducing the ecological footprint of Arcada by reducing emissions from commuting. During the year, we identified the need to streamline our organisation and to improve the conditions for increasing external financing and for more efficient use of the financing we have received. While we have been very successful, the economic forecasts show that in the coming years Arcada will experience a definite downturn in government grants. In October, the Arcada board therefore decided to prepare for downsizing negotiations. Government grants are reduced because Arcada, notwithstanding quite stable results in absolute terms, has experienced a reduction in the share of national total results. The saving requirement amounts to about one million euros annually. Negotiations were completed on 1.11.2021 and resulted in staff reductions concerning eight people in total and a new organisational structure. The new, streamlined organisation has been operational since 1.1.2022. Stakeholders are provided with a designed environment where researchers, students, representatives of industry and consumers are brought together. In conclusion, I would like to mention Arcada’s 25th anniversary. Much has been achieved in order to launch a new anniversary campaign in 2022. We aim to raise capital to build ultra-modern teaching and research facilities. In 2021, Arcada continued to look firmly ahead. The campaign is designed to provide students with the best possible prospects of acquiring professional skills for a future career. Stakeholders are provided with a designed environment where researchers, students, representatives of industry and consumers are brought together under the auspices of projects that develop and test sustainable and innovative solutions that individuals, society and organisations really need. The campaign slogan “The future rarely turns out the way we plan. Often, it turns out ever better.” corresponds rather well with Arcada’s aims. We continue to make education a road toward a rewarding and sustainable life. Helsinki, April 4th 2022 Mona Forsskåhl Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2021 Rector's review Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube

Main menu Highlights 2021 Breadcrumb Highlights 2021 Discover the highlights of 2021 at Arcada. Arcada's 25th anniversary and a new record in the number of graduates, 534, are just some of the highlights of the year. More highlights are found below. Click on the months to read the highlights. 2020 was an exceptional year with a transition to distance learning during the ongoing pandemic. Even so, a record number of students graduated from Arcada during the year. A total of 507 students completed their studies. Arcada and Åbo Akademi/Experience Lab work together on project MäRi (Human-Robot interaction) (in Swedish) which studies the way clients and students experience social robots in the context of care services. In February the project was well under way and an intensive phase began to develop an application for the robots acquired by the respective organisations. Arcada was the first university of applied sciences to join Funidata Oy as a shareholder. As a stakeholder, Arcada gains access to a new digital support system for teaching and studies, Sisu, which was developed by Funidata. The Department of Culture and Media received EU Horizon 2020 financing together with a large consortium. A new project will create a model for sustainable world heritage management through a digital European network. In a comparison at Finnish universities of applied sciences, Arcada’s health care students were those most satisfied with their education. This is shown by the AVOP survey 2020, a response survey for students at the universities of applied sciences who are in the final stages of their studies. A new career centre was launched in Arabianranta. Karriärcenter Arabia, launched by Arcada, Prakticum and Sveps, will offer versatile counselling services in Swedish for young people and adults. Professor Roberto V. Zicari, the founder of Frankfurt Big Data Lab at Goethe University and the Z-Inspection® initiative, became an affiliated professor at Arcada. With this appointment, Arcada intends to further strengthen the focus on research in artificial intelligence, especially knowledge of the ethical issues related to the field. Arcada began the development and testing of algorithms designed to identify different Swedish dialects in Finland in a new research project. A speech recognition research project developing and testing AI algorithms that will recognise some of the different dialects across Swedish-speaking Finland has been launched by Arcada in cooperation with Åbo Akademi University/Experience Lab and StageZero Technologies. A film team at Arcada received a Finnish Film Foundation PITCH2021 award (in Swedish) for the pitching of their short film DE VA DE. Production was headed by Arcada student Tomas Linders von Kantzow. Arcada launched the Job Portal – a new online recruitment service offering a number of opportunities for students at the UAS. The portal gives employers a broader scope to make their company visible through their own profile. It also serves as a place to store career-related material. Arcada celebrated ten years of Green Office. WWF's Green Office certification, which Arcada was granted as early as 2011, is a tangible result of Arcada's work for sustainability. Ten years later, the work for increased eco-efficiency continues with an annual follow-up. Beginning in autumn, Borgå folkakademi (People’s Academy) began a joint project with Arcada, Prakticum and Arbis. The transition from language education to vocational training and later on into working life will get easier for those who are integrated in Swedish. Education will take place on Arcada’s premises in Arabianranta and is an augmentation of the Swedish sphere provided by Arcada and Practicum. Arcada launches a new study package for future engineers. The UAS offers a new set of courses to meet society's demand for engineers with a competence in circular economy and sustainability. The 17 UN sustainable development goals are emphasized in Arcada’s operations. Arcada will increase the visibility of the global goals during the academic year. Beginning this year, the Arcada website will show what sustainability goals the various Arcada research projects are linked to. The beginning of the academic year 2021–2022 also signals the opening of Arcada’s 25th anniversary celebrations. The opening of the academic year, with a celebratory speech by the Minister of Education, Li Andersson, was arranged entirely online this time. The drama series Fejd was one of 15 projects chosen for the Nordic Talents Pitch Competition (in Swedish), which was organised online on September 8 and 9. A film by Arcada students was awarded at the Love & Anarchy film festival. The short film Death of a Boy received two awards, the Audience Award and a Special mention from the Judges. Arcada's simulation centre has received an award for exemplary work in improving patient safety through simulation learning and activities from the Finnish Society for Patient and Client Safety (SPTY). Arcada and Åbo Akademi participate in the new HaSuRiski project where a prototype of a mobile application, which can be used to prevent problems posed by sulphate soils, is created. The app uses machine learning and artificial intelligence to model risk maps and will help experts plan land use in high-risk areas. During 2021, Arcada broke the all-time record again with 534 graduates. Project VAKEN is designed to let Arcada students develop their soft skills. The project is a collaboration between institutions in the Nordic and Baltic regions. Study at Arcada Study at Arcada sub-navigation Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Bachelor's degree programmes Master's degree programmes Continuing Education Application Open University Studies Exchange studies at Arcada Campus and study environments Why Arcada? Research Research sub-navigation Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Strategic focus Key research activities Projects Publications Researchers Open science Research permission Research blog Contact Arcada research Cooperation and Services Cooperation and Services sub-navigation Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni Collaborate with us Services Fundraising Arcada Alumni About us About us sub-navigation Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop Strategy Organisation Schools Blogs Sustainability Quality Management Work for us Annual reports Contact details Arcada shop På svenska Suomeksi Search Home About us Annual reports Annual Report 2021 Highlights 2021 Arcada Jan-Magnus Janssonin aukio 100560 HelsinkiFinland(View the location of Arcada on Google Maps.) Phone number: +358 (0)294 282 699 Byt språk / Vaihda kieli Questions? Contact us Accessibility and data protection Follow Arcada on LinkedIn Follow Arcada on Instagram Follow Arcada on Facebook Follow Arcada on YouTube